All began in the summer vacation, oh it was such a beautiful time I took part at so many trips and one of them especially I enjoyed the most. That trip was to Yehuda desert I really fall in love at this place. All the beautiful stones, the sky everything. Then I made up my mind that when I was big I come to live at that place at the desert but I didn't know then that this long term wish will come true so soon. Like very good thing, this vacation come to the end and we had to come back to school. All went well I met all my old friends again and I promised myself like every beginning of year to be good girl and to try doing everything well. The first day passed ok and the smell of everything new gave me good feeling. But like every year every day was like there others and the routine came back into my life. When I think about it now I feel the terrible boring bore control me again. After that, the grades began to come and I felt absolutely despair about myself and about everything. All that time I thought about the desert the leaves the silence the mountain the ground everything like sweet dream, like it wasn't from our world this terrible world of teachers, exams, pressures and etc. In every lesson my body was in the class but the real Merav was walking along in the big open desert. Like this, the days passed slowly and my longing and love to the desert became more and more serious. It seemed to me like the days competing as to who is the longest day. Everybody in class, in my home and even my good friends wondered what had happened to me and said I was a day dreamer. They all know my love to the desert and said I was crazy. But I didn't are. I made up my mind to escape. Escape escape from this cruel world to my beautiful world that I began to dream about in all the nights. It was the day we were supposed to get our grade cards. In the morning I really got my school bag but instead of one sandwich it was full of food and drink, instead of notebooks and books, there were clothes and instead of bad feeling in my heart I felt the happiest girl in the world. By four buses, I finally arrived to Yehuda desert and the moment I got off the bus I ruan and shouted I'm free, I'm free, nobody will stop me now I'm free. The mountains looked at me like I was a mad man but id didn't care. I walked like a drunk man and wanted to touch everything, to hug everything. All my dreams became true and I felt happy. Two days I was there, lonely but I felt exalted living in my own world and wanting to forget the old terrible world one. But the third morning, I had a bad feeling that something bad was going to happened. The sky turned black and I didn't feel so happy like the two days before. All went well until the afternoon arrived. I was lying on the ground looking at the sky when I suddenly heard a machine sound at the distance. I jumped up and tried to understand from where a terrible sound that belonged to the old world was heard but before I managed to do something, I suddenly saw a car approaching what is it? I thought, am I dreaming? No the car got closed and closed and I didn't know what to do with myself. I took my beg and began to run, ran, as much as I could. When I thing about it now I feel it was only yesterday. The mountains seemed me like big frightening shadows that wanted to catch me and I ran and ran I stopped for a moment because I couldn't breath well and suddenly I saw Benny my teacher get out of the car. No I cried. The devil wants to catch me. I continued to run and Benny after me. Suddenly I fell and from then I don't remember anything. All I know is that now I am sitting at home at the old terrible world and with a feeling of despair from everything even from life and only think all the time about the desert.
