The bell rang and I was trying to get up. I pulled the blanket off and got out of the bed it was just another ordinary morning. I dressed myself and went for a morning meal. My dog cam in I noticed even yesterday that his head is not all right he was walking all over the room on high speed. My plan was to fix him today at the local electric animal laboratory.
I was eating my batteries when I suddenly remembered School!  I hated school. It was a horrible place. There weren't any classrooms just rooms, rooms, everyone came alone went to his place and learned alone. I went out of my house and started to walk to school I was so hungry that I already ate my battery sandwiches just on the way to school. They very very tasty a little salty but I enjoyed them. We were not allowed to bring food to school there was a dangerous that the food might harem the computers but I forgot it, the electric gate opened at me and I was getting into school with my delicious battery sandwich I was walking when I suddenly saw all the red lights flashing at me then I realized that I did something wrong I saw the headmaster at the end of the corridor I thought that I'll have enough time to finish eating it but the headmaster used his high speed button after 2 seconds he was standing towards me I was shivering all over he was the most vicious man that I ever knew. I was sure that he is going to shout at me an to give me a serious punishment. He was in full action his battery lights were flashing which means that he had just bought new battieries and that he is full of strength now. I wished very hard for a great miracle but it didn't came. I felt that I just won't be able to bare the headmaster's electric. When he was just starting to yell at me I noticed that there is something strange going on an electricity black out I yelled joyfully I was brilliant. The head master just froze in his place his mouth was still opened but he was froze. I was laughing like crazy the whole school was in dark there was nothing working. I prayed that this balck out will stay on forever I looked again at the headmaster he lights turned all off I was such a good luck I was happy that my school was electric school.
