Many years ago I was a captain of a ship the sailors betrayed me and their leader John was the new captain. They threw me to a desert beach on an island. When I woke up after 3 days I forget every thing. I liked at the horizon. I saw a little ship. I tried to call to help but they didn't hear me. I saw a little hut on the island. I went closer it as empty. I went out. Then I saw a wreck on the beach I search something but I didn't find anything. I took with me only a piece of steel.
Than I went to the other side of the island in the eat I saw a great cliff. In the bottom of it I saw a cave. I searched a rope but I didn't found. So I took a vine from one of the trees. I tied it to rock and went down. The cave was empty. I tried to dry up and for my amazement I found a map.
The little hut was on it. I saw a little stone and than I found a great idea. I could make fire if I would bang the rock on the steel. But I had to find something to burn. I can't up on the great cliff and went to the hut. Do one was there. I looked at the map and walked north as the map said.
There I saw a sign the said: "careful quick sand". I went carefully as the map said and finally I got to another beach there I found a treasure chest. But it was empty. I found there only a bottle of wine. Disappointed, I went back to the hut. Then I had a great idea. The hut was a straw hut. I knew what I should do. The ship was still on the horizon. I bang the rock on the steel and made fire. I waited few hours. The ship came nearer. The captain went to me with a boat. I was very happy. I thought that I was saved but the captain said "we don’t take free passengers". I didn't know what to do, I had just a bottle of wine. I showed it him. Than he said "it is your ticket and took me to the ship. On the ship, I looked and I saw that it was a pirate ship. I had to call to help. I saw a day in the horizon. The ship was running a way from it. But it came nearer and nearer. At least I jumped to the water and they saved me. When I got back to England I recognized the traitors and they want to trial.
