We were going out of the cinema after seeing an awful horror film. We were frightened from those little creatures that jumped and yelled at us from the screen. It was very cold "I think its gona be raining soon" I said, and Dana put on her jacket. "Let's take a walk it's a lovely place" said Dana sweetly. "A walk?", now? I asked. "Why not" she said: "Well" I said unhappily "If that's what you want".


There was a big green park nearby so we decided to go there. Dana's wish was really strange we didn't enjoy this trip at all. There was something strange and mysterious in the air. I could hear the breathing of someone or something in the dark. I couldn't get those awful creatures out of my heard. They were some of the ugliest things that I ever saw in my whole life! They had green eyes, red hair and long sharp fingernails painted yellow. They were spitting some orange juice liquid out of their month. Well I thought safely? To myself it just a bad movie.


We continued walking in the park the trees shadows were walking in front of us. I could swear that they were dancing. Suddenly I remembered Dana why haven't she said a word since we got into this horrible place. Suddenly I felt Dana's hands they were cold and icy. The shadows in front of me continued dancing I could recognize my shadow long and straight – it didn't move at all, but where was Dana's shadow? I heard strange voices too. Dana's hands were still cold. Suddenly I could feel it, I understood it came all together clear to one horrible picture: Dana's little ugly shadow, her icy cold hands, the dancing shadow and those breathings all around. They are here, those awful ugly creatures. I looked at Dana – she was one of them! With her long yellow fingernails she was ugly! I couldn't bear this any longer is it a dream? I tried to wake myself up but I was completely awake! What's happening? Things like that happened only in the movies, not in real life! The shadows were looking at me, their voices sang about me and Dana's yellow nails grabbed me. I didn't know what to do so I just started running – I ran and ran for hours and hours without knowing where I'm going to. I never got back to that green park and I never saw Dana since this unusual and horrible night.


I think that my writing process has improved first because of the fact that I had to write every week. I don't know if my writing process has changed or remain the same because I didn't write almost a thing till those lessons began.


My difficult part was the grammar. Except for the problems with grammar mistakes, I didn't find much difference in writing English than writing in Hebrew.


I disturbed to me that nobody fixed my mistakes because I would like to improve my grammar and to know what were my mistakes.
