Once I and my girlfriend decided to go shopping.  We sat in the car in the traffic jam that one can find always at the afternoon hours in Ramat Gan.  The cars moved really slowly and we were kind of relaxed.  In the care standing after us on the line sit a woman who was probably in a terrible rush since she would not stop pressing on her horn button.


Suddenly, even though it was clear that we are going to wait for about 4 traffic lights before we could go on she stepped out of her car and walked towards us.  I told my girlfriend to lock the door.  The woman come to our car, she tried to open my door and shouted, we simply sit and kind of laughed at her.  Believe me it was funny.  The woman was so angry about nothing.  Then she decided she want do something so she banged on the window and then she misplaced our  * on the rear window and returned to her car.  Actually we had more feelings than amusements.  I found myself very alert.  I was not going to let this woman harm me my girlfriend or my property, the car, in ant way.  I did not want to get into some kind of a fight though.  So I just set alerted and watched what was going on.  The point is that if I would have felt that something is about to cross the lines.  I was able to act immediately.  Fortunately, nothing of the sort really happened.


Israel is getting a very violent country.  People feel less and less secure not only while walking in the streets but even at home.  Unfortunately, we hear almost every day of violent incidents that happen.  Just from the last two weeks we heard of rape, the murder of  a 9 year old girl, the hitting of a bus driver and so on,.  It seems that we are heading to chaos.


For example, the incident mentioned above (the first part) demonstrates very well how violent our society is becoming.  This woman was not able to control her actions.  Sure she was responsible to what she did, she had decided not to break anything but she had to let steam out at someone else.  Isn’t it what violence all about?  Letting oneself erupt at someone else,.


I wish people were tolerant.  Sitting locked in the car with my girlfriend was not a nice feeling.  I wish nobody to be a victim of violence, since although there was no real danger in that incident some  violence was involved there.


As I believe one must guard his life and property, you don’t have to give up to violence but our society needs, and fast, a change in direction something that will help stop this kind of incidents.  Something that will make even small violent thins  , and by that will help stopping the happening  of worse things.
