No respect, not a bit consideration you know the way we feeling about the subject, did you have to show up late?

I wouldn’t have shown up late unless your kind at people knew something about democracy and my rights to think and do what I want. Anyway what is all that about consideration?  Why should it always work only one way?  What do you superior on me that I should respect your beliefs and way of life rather than you respect mine?

Stop talking nonsense.  You know that I can’t do what I want even if I would like to respect your way at life I can’t do this because I am supervised by superior force that tells me what to do and what not to do so the only way to compromise is you having respect my beliefs.

Always the same old, not satisfying answer, that superior force, as it is not exist only by your unproven beliefs.  It’s again the religion beliefs that you irritatingly force on us/  Whilst not excepting the other’s right to be Christian, Moslem, Buddhist or secular although you have no better argument than him.

It’s a shame the way you’re talking.  You know that these not justified arguments as you refer to them kept you as a nation for 5000 years and they are your rights for staying here, living in this country.  You have no complaints about that do you?

These arguments you said to keep me as a nation for 500 years I said to make many millions at people miserable and the right for me staying and living in this country is my soul brother’s blood that poured on this country while you and your people sat safely at your homes, not sharing the price.

Had we not stayed home and kept learning the Torah, you would be now 10 feet under because you know that all your war victories cannot considered other than miracles.


This dialogue is endless and meaningless, since people know only repeat things and beliefs that they heard forgetting that life is not stoppable.

The fight between religious to secular people is very old and boring.  Mostly boring because after hearing how men fight over it you heard everybody.  Nothing new under the sun, nothing is trued under the sum but life.  Life will win and we can see it right now.  On every man turning religious there are dozen turning secular,.  For life more important and since we are a real nation now the only cause for the existence of the religion not exist anymore.
