Nataly get up for school!

I am too tired, and my boyfriend David came to take me to school at 10.30.

Ten o’clock!  It’s too late.  Are you crazy?  Go now to school or I will ground you for a month.

I told you that David is going to take for school so leave me alone, and close the door behind you.  I want to sleep!

You know I don’t like that you are going with David he is not for you!  So I don’t want to see him again in my house is that clear to you!

I don’t ask you with who I going out, I can you everyone I want to.  So go away!

You know what I going to tell it to your father and then I will see what he is going to do with you.  Bye boom!  She close the door loudly.

Nataly started to cry and tell to herself I must run away I can’t live with this mother I hate her and then she fell asleep.


David is come from the car, and Nataly run for him with a smile on her face.  She gave him a kiss, and told him the story of what happened to her in this morning.  She told him that she wants to run away from her house and he told her that it’s a bad idea.,, but she can be in his house some day.


David put her in school and went for his work.  Nataly’s mother came home.  She yell Nataly are you here but no one answer.  She yell again:  Nataly are you here?  But no one answer.  She ran to her room the closet was open and her clothes wasn’t in it.

Nataly’s mother was very upset.  She called to all her friends trying to find her but they didn’t saw her.  She call to David house and he told her that she sleep in his house for some days.  She was very angry and told to David that bring Nataly home.  He agreed.  After one hour she came home/.

Nataly I was very worry.  I looked for you in every place.  I’m sorry that we fight last morning.  I hope that you will forgive me.


I’m forgive you mummy.  I love  and I sorry that I ran away from home.  I hope that you will forgive me!  They hugged and kissed each other.

David can you stay for dinner please, I will be very glad?

Sure, why not

Nataly’s mother done dinner and David and Nataly ate.  They looked like a nice and perfect family!
