Vicy, Keli and Jeni are a very good friends from childhood, and now they’re 17 years old and they are learning together at one class.

Listen girls!  There is a party tomorrow want go there, all the cool guys will be there.

Cool, why not?

The girls came to the party.  At the party was alcohol, drugs and more.  Keli and Jeni were drinking a lot of alcohol and they were drunk.  The keys of Keli’s car was at Vicy’s bag.

Vicy, give me the keys please!  I want go home and I’ll take Jeni with me.

Don’t even think about it!  You are drunk, you’ll may killed.

Come on don’t be silly, if we were drunk we never ask from you the keys.

Ok, I’ll give you the keys, but please be careful.

Jeni and Keli take the keys and they go on a trip.  They were laughing and singing aloud till Keli lose control on car and they crashed.

Keli and Jeni  at the hospital.  When Keli wake up her mother, Jessica be beside her, and her father too (Erik).

Where am I?  Where is Jeni? Mom, what am I doing here?

You are at hospital honey, you’ve been crashed at accident.

Mom, where is Jeni?  What happened to her?  How is she?

She is fine, she is ok, she is lying in other room.

Mom don’t lie to me, if she was ok she was lying next to me.  Dad please tell me what happened to her?

She is dead Keli, she was at difficult situation.

It can’t be, please god, tell me that is not truth.

Please try calm, you have to try forget about it for a while time, you must rest now.

Four days later were the funeral of Jeni.  All the family was there and her friends too.  When Keli recovered to herself she back to her school.  Nobody know that Keli was drunk at the crash  apart from Vicy.

The officer come to Keli’s house and told that the doctors found in her blood 15% alcohol, there was the judgement, and there be agreed that Keli will go to ripening program.

Jeni’s mother was hate Keli when she knew that she was drinking she didn’t understand that Keli could killed too if Jeni was the driver.

Five years later after the ripening program Keli decide standing opposite the pupils who learning now at her school and tell them her story about the crash.

Keli never could forget the evening of the crash but she learn a lesson for her all life.
