historical fiction. The book is set in early 1925 in Colorado, rural country, USA. It is not a true story. It’s a 'rites of passage' story of a fourteen year old girl.


Ida Bidson, aged fourteen is not tall. She is only  4 foot 11 inches. She's poor so she wars rags and scruffy clothes. She wants to look neat, buts it's very difficult for her. For example, she always ties her hair back. When she is older she wants to be a teacher. She helps at home and at the farm, even if she has to miss sleep. She drives a car. She has a close relationship with her younger brother. She has leadership qualities. She doesn't want the school to shut down, and she wants her class mates to keep on studying, so she keeps the school open by becoming the teacher.


Parents: Ida's parents help her with her problems as a teacher. They are realistic. They support her. They always remind her that maybe they won't be able to afford to send her to high school.


Tom: Ida's best friend Tom is the only child in her class of the same age as Ida. He is a bright kid. He builds a radio brings it to school to show the kids, so they can hear what a radio sounds like for the first time.


I admire Ida for her courage, for her teaching skills and for her determination to be a teacher. I like her because she has a sense of humor and is kind.


The story takes place in early 1925. Most of the story takes place in the school. The school is one room built of wood. The room is filled up with old benches and long desks. There is no electricity, the room is dark, so there are kerosene lamps on the walls.

There is a switch/stick for discipline near the teachers desk, and a round stove opposite the teachers desk to heat the room.





The story begins when the teacher tells the pupils that her mother is sick and she needs to leave the school. It's a small school, of only one class for all ages, so if the teacher leaves the school it will close.


Ida really wants to finish the year because next year she is supposed to go to high school. She decides that the school must stay open. Her idea is that she will become the teacher.


She is a very good teacher. She deals with learning problems and discipline problems. She even went to a boy's house to tell his parents off for not sending him to school. One day the school supervisor comes to the school. All the kids are afraid the school will be shut down because it is a secret that Ida who is a school girl is also the teacher.
