One sunny day, Jesus was walking in heaven when all of a sudden he noticed an old man crying his eyes out.

“Why are you crying old man?”

“I lost my son.  Last time I saw him, he had nails in his arms and legs”.

“Daddy?!” cried Jesus.

“Pinocchio?!”

Well, one thing led to another, and the old man started telling curious Jesus about his son:

“I was a lonely man.  I had no wife and no kids.  Since I owned a toyshop, I decided to carve myself a little wooden doll.  I started looking for a special piece of wood when a man I’d never seen before came up to me, and without a word – gave me some wood.  I finally discovered it was magical, for when I finished carving, the wooden doll come to life, and it even started talking to me.

“Well, I name him Pinocchio, but he decided it wasn’t cool enough, so he changed it to Robin Hood.  He grew up to be a good man.  He took from the rich and gave to the poor.  One day Robin Hood heard the prince was giving a dynamite party in his palace, so he got all dressed up, and he went there.  He met a nice girl there and fell deeply in love with her.  However, come midnight she fled the party leaving nothing but a boot behind her.

“My Robin Hood was crushed.  He decided to search the kingdom for his loved one, so the took the boot and took off.

He looked in every house, but had no luck in finding the girl.  When he got to the last house, he waited patiently and nervously until all seven girls in the house tried the boot.  Unfortunately, none of them could get her foot in the boot.  In his despair, my son dropped the boot on the floor.  Suddenly, a puss approached the boot and started playing with it.  Accidentally, the puss’s leg slipped into the boot, and it was a perfect match.  The puss came up to my Pinocch… sorry, Robin Hood and licked his cheek.  For some reason my son decided to kiss the puss back, and at that moment the puss turned into the beautiful girl my son fell in love with at the prince’s party.  They got married and went on their honeymoon, but I haven’t heard from them since.  I hope they are happy wherever they are now.

Jesus was very touched by the old man, so he decided to let him see his son.  “Go to the lake, old man, and see how your little boy is doing”, Jesus said softly.  The old man looked into the lake and saw an image of his son along with his wife and their three beautiful kids.  The old man was extremely happy, and he thanked Jesus from the bottom of his heart.
