Daddy, can you buy me a motorbike, my friend just bought one, and I love it.  That is what my son asked me few days ago.  In the beginning I didn’t think it’s very important to him so I didn’t say nothing.

But after two days he came to me again and asked me for it again.

So I told him: “Look son, let me tell you a story, and after that you will tell me if you want a motor bike”.  My son agreed.

“You know”, I said, “When I was at your age, I asked my father to guy me a motorcycle, at the beginning he didn’t want to hear about it at all, but after hard persuasion he agreed.

And I remember that one day I come from school and a beautiful motorcycle was standing at the front of my house.  I went into the house and saw my daddy standing in the kitchen and smiling at me.  I run to him and hugged him and thanked him a lot.

At that same day I was the happiest day in the world, but I didn’t know about the danger that was in it.

In the first month, I had a lot of fun, and I drove to the beach many times with my girlfriend and we had a lot of fun.

One day, I was driving to my girlfriend’s house and I was driving through a traffic light, a man, who was driving his car run me over.  At the beginning I thought that nothing happened to me, so I stood up and continued driving.

When I got to my girlfriends house I started feeling hurts in my knee, so I told her and she put elastic bandage on it.  When I got home I was afraid to tell it to my parents because I was afraid that they will take my motorcycle from me.  At that night I didn’t sleep at all, so my mother asked me what was wrong, but I kept answering that nothing is wrong.  After one week I couldn’t walk, and was really in pain so I decided to tell it to my parents.  My father told me that he warned me about it and that it was me fault.  I told my father to sell my bike and from that day on I didn’t went on a bike at all.

“You know what”, said my son, “I don’t want you to buy me a bike because now I know that it is very dangerous”.  I was very glad.
