It’s been 20 years since I been here, in my hometown.  So much has changed.  I wonder if Tony still lives here.  It’s kind of amazing how almost nothing changed at the area which surrounds his house.  If it’s still his house.

I approached his house on the mailbox was written – The Fox Family.  Yep!  They still live here alright!”  I said to myself.  I walked towards the door.  I knocked on it.  After about a minute the door at last opened.  There was an old lady standing at the entrance.  She said “Yes, what do you want?”  She stared at me for a while and then a flash a kind of spark came to her eyes.  “Is it you Amir yeah it’s really you, what are you doing here?  How long has it been since I last saw you?  And so on she asked and we’ve chattered for a while.  I asked her where is Tony and she told me that he built a house at the other side of town.  We parted by saying goodbye.

I driven to Tony’s house following the directions Tony’s mother gave me.  I got there.  There it was.  And on the mailbox was written “Tony’s House”.

Now I was sure that it was Tony’s house which made me feel more interest.  There I was standing in front of my ex best friend’s front door.  Not very much happy for what I found but happy to see him again.  I rang the doorbell and after a few seconds somebody opened the door.  I was shocked by the beauty of that woman.  My face turned red, so I turned around and when I felt better I turned back.  “Yes?” she asked.  I told her that I was looking for Tony. “Tony isn’t home she said, and asked me to come in.  So I came in and while we were drinking coffee she told me all about Tony and her.  And I told her all about Tony and mine friendship.  After an hour or son Tony came in I got up from the sofa he looked at me for few seconds and then said: “Don’t I know you from somewhere.”  He looked at his wife with questioning eyes, which were saying “Who is that?”  “He say he’s your best friend”  “Is it you Amir?  Yes it’s you.”  He said and ran towards me with opened arms.  We’ve hugged and got excited for a while.  And then we sat to talk.  We brought up all good and bad things we’ve been through.  After hours of talk he brought up something which had something to do with our rival between each other.  He said:  “Do you remember me and you talking about dreams and as I recall you had one which you so much wanted to make come true.  Did you ever fulfil it?”  “Well, you’ll just have to come around my house and see for yourself” I answered.

Of course I explained to him how to get to my summerhouse in Palm Springs.

That same night I spent in a hotel, lying on my back I was wondering about all that happened to me that day.

The next morning I took the next flight to Palm Springs.

It was not more than 2 days when the phone rang from Tony.  He said that he’ll come the next day and he did.  It was midday when the doorbell rang.  I was in the bathroom shaving, so my wife had to answer the door.  I ran quickly out of the bathroom but it was too late.  My wife had already opened the door.

Tony looked at my wife closely, examining her carefully, he shouted:  “You bastard Amir.  It is her and you did make your dream come true.”
