My grandparents came to Israel in 1933 from Germany.  My grandfather came alone and my grandmother came with a group.  They both arrived at Kfar Giladi in the Galilee.  They were feeling very much like pioneers and they felt like they were doing something important.  They came to know lot of people that in our days we consider them a legend like Maria Shohat and Alexander Zud.  F few years later when they were already married a group of your people from Kfar Giladi planned to go and live in a new place which they were planning to “Aloneem”.  The place that was chosen was a hill near the house of Alexander Zud.  The pioneers lived in tents for some time in Zaid’s yard until all the things were ready for them to settle down.  My grandfather worked as a shepherd.  Because of his good English he managed become a friend of the English policeman new Allonym.  They have lived with fear all the time.  My grandparents had their first child (a girl) in Allonym.  In 1945 they have left Allonym and came to Ramat Ha’Sharon some years later their daughter followed their footsteps.  She and her future husband were between the founders of Kibbutz Gadot.  This Kibbutz is right next to Ramat Ha’Golan which in those days was in Syrian territory.  In 1967 (the six days war) Gadot was bombed heavily by the Syrian and they had many victims.  My grandparents were terribly worried.  After the war had finished they returned to Ramat Ha’Sharon.

Now I’ll try to focus on one aspect.

During the six day war Gadot (the kibbutz that my aunt and uncle were living in) was bombed day and night by the Syrians.  You have to see the small distance between the Golan and Gadot, and it’s even more amazing when you’re standing on the Golan itself and you actually have the whole area at your feet.

My uncle was in charge of the security in Gadot.  He remembers how everybody were in panic and ran to the shelters.  In the first bombing there was one man killed.  My aunt remembers that day very well as she was a nurse and she tried to save that man.  She remembers all those days running from shelter to shelter between the bombs with the first aid kit.  My uncle says that it was a feeling of relief when the IOF conquered the Golan and the war was over, and they were able to get out of the shelters and walk freely with no fear from bombs.
