When I was a child, I have always dreamed of getting to India.

I curious by this country with her special tradition.  It always seemed to be so far, unknown and interesting.

I didn’t have any money so I could just dream.

At the age of 16 I started to work and saving , but it here didn’t work and I spent if for nothing.  After I have enough money but it was already the time of my army service.  Every time I have another thing and it took me a lot of years until I get there.

I started staying psychology and had a very busy time.  Actually, for some years I just forgot about it, it wasn’t in my mind.  One day a very good friend cam to me.  I hadn’t seen her for a long time.  She told me she is saving money to go to India, and in two month she would have enough money and set out.

Then, I remembered my old dream.  Oh, I thought about all the memories and the wonderful photographs I used to see and look at.

The desire started becoming greater.  Oh, I said to her, I wish I could there also.  “So” she said to me “why won’t you come” she said it like it was very easy.  “You can get the money don’t you”?

Yes, I thought, I really have enough of money and I can save the rest I needed, also I can take a vacation because my job is flexible, so I just have to want it and that all, and I wanted to do it!

Alright, I said to her I will come with you”.

I was so happy, and didn’t believe it becoming true.

Two months later we arrived India.  I loved this country.

It was terrible to see the rich people inside the part and there were a lot of poor people there.  But you know this is the human being think about himself and doesn’t care about the others.

The country was beautiful.  The special temples, the way of life of the poor people and they made do with little.  Their religion, tradition and way of life always interested me, and I could read in books and go to movies, but not to feel it.

Now I felt the special atmosphere and saw it in my eyes.

My dream has come true, I was very happy.
