It was there, in the very old days – when Jerusalem was divided by the green border between two nation.  Arabs and Jewish.  This sudden border in the middle of Jerusalem sometimes even parted between very good neighbours who got alone together very well for many years before this cruel border and sometimes people had to pass the border and to get permission from the UN only to bring a cup of milk or sugar from neighbour.  Yes, many funny things happened there in the border that turned the very inseparable 2 parts of Jerusalem.  There, in the very old days, was a boy who fell in love.  Yes, it is very natural to fell in love but Uzi, that was his name, wasn’t like every normal boy in his age, fall in love with a girl at Arab one.  Her name was Nura and she was like a good dream for Uzi.  Every time he saw here walking outside, sometimes going to the well and sometimes with her little brothers, he got excited from her beautiful long hair that flow at the wind and remind after him a wave of good smell that filled Uzi’s nose.

Every time he could get a look from her beautiful eyes that were always hidden by the cover, he felt the happiest boy in the world but then, always came the questions that bothered him every time.  “Does she also notice me or des she feel I’m only a cruel Jewish boy from the other side of the border?  Why couldn’t I fall in love in Jewish girl like all my friends?  I can’t continue like this!!  His family began to worry and didn’t know what happened to him, but he didn’t know how to tell them that he fell in love with in a Arab girl.  He knew that they wouldn’t understand it.  Like this, he was walking everywhere sad and lonely.  Until one day, when he saw Nura passing, he saw something fall from her hand “What is it” he thought.  He got near it and noticed a white stone and something was written in black letters.  It was written in a very bad English but that few words were enough to make him happy – “I also loved you!”  He began to run and shout “Yes, she loves me!  Yes, yes!” and everybody didn’t know what had happened to him but he didn’t care.  He ran and ran until he could see her black figure again.  Nura!  He cried.  She turned and looked in his eyes.  His heart worked very quickly and he went for her gun.  She also did.  The couldn’t stop looking one at the other’s eyes.  The, when they were very close, she took the black cover from her beautiful face and the hugged each other – he at the Jewish side and she at the Arab side but they were very close and had a long long kiss.  They didn’t care that everyone at that place was looking at them, they didn’t care from anything only from their big love/!!!
