It is acknowledged all over the world that alcohol is noxious. However the majority of the populations choose to ignore the negative effects of alcohol and the consequences that may occur if consumed in large quantity.

Drinking is often related to having a good time, being around friends and celebrating something. When invited to a party, you now that you will drink alcohol because it’s popular it makes you one of the “guys”. However, not every body has the same metabolism; each body has its quantity of alcohol that it can bear, over that quota, the person will feel dizzy, through up or even faint. Because of these side effects, people should be careful in their choice of drinking and at how much they drink.

In Israel, alcohol is the cause of more death than wars. A large number of teenagers go out to party during the week end and absorb a lot of alcohol. Then, they drive home and become danger for other drivers. By the Israel law you’re allow to have fifty milligrams of alcohol for a hundred milligrams of blood which is approximately  one glass of beer or one glass of wine. The problem is, as you can imagine, that teenager drink a lot more than that when they go out to party. This quantity wasn’t picked by hazard, over that quantity the driver is considered dangerous. Alcohol narrows the range sight and prolongs the distance of reaction.

Teenagers are known to be influenced by their friends, and the friends are usually influenced by their older brothers or sisters. When teenagers are in group they want to conform if it is by their way of dressing or their drinking habits. If a young boy or girl goes to a disco with friends he or she will have a drink. However, because of the need to confirm they will also drink every time someone will go to bring another beer or cocktail. Friends are not the only factor, “suitors” come and invite for a drink, and another and another. Before she realizes, she’s drunk. The problem is that she is supposed to drive her friend home. Because she is unconscious and unaware of the dangers she will put her friends through, she takes the wheels and drives home. This kind of scenario happens all the time.

The Israeli ministry of transport has found a way to minimize the damages made by drunken driving teenagers. A state wide campaign was thrown about three years ago on radio stations all over the country. The warnings are broadcasted every five to ten minutes and contain different warning such as “if you’re drunk give the keys to someone else” or “before you get out to party, assign someone to drive home, this person will not drink”.

I chose to talk about the dangers of teenagers drinking and driving because it is a day to day actuality here in Israel. This is one of the multiple negative effects that alcohol has on teenagers, beside that, alcohol among teenagers can result in addiction, health problems and problems in the large sense of the word. Parents should take the responsibility of teaching their young children the effects of alcohol and warn them that alcohol is as dangerous as smoking or taking drugs, in all the cases it can be fatal.
