Assisted suicide is an explosive issue, a subject up for debate all around the world, which no one had reached a consensus regarding it yet. What is assisted suicide? Can it be defined as murder? As suicide? Or should it be categorized as a medical solution? It depends on who you ask. As many issues of its kind, this too is a controversial subject.

An assisted suicide case usually takes place when a person who suffers from a fatal illness is considered clinically dead. The patient can be connected to all sorts of machines to keep him alive; his heart and pulse would still be working, whereas his mind won't, and his blood relatives plead to make him dye, rather than letting him live in vain. In other cases, a patient who suffers from extreme pain, due to his illness, would ask to be disconnected from the machines that keep him alive, or to be given deadly drugs, knowing that he has poor chances of getting better. And that is where the family, the medical staff and the court of law get into the picture.

Even if it is out of pure mercy, the result of the actions, if taken, would be death. It is a complicated state of affairs. Many people feel that it is an act of freedom. There even exists a world wide "right-to-die" movement that is in favor of it, but in fact, it usually depends on the laws of the country. Almost every country around the world has clear laws, against or for assisted suicide. While suicide is no longer a crime, assistance remains a crime almost everywhere. Furthermore, doctors, that would be an integral member in assisted suicide sagas, generally object to the matter. In the Hippocrates oath that each doctor swears appears a clear statement against taking the life of others deliberately ("I will not give a fatal draught (drugs) to anyone if I am asked, nor will I suggest any such thing"), so it clearly contradicts their moral ethics.

To what extend are humans aloud to decide in the name of others, especially in life and death issues? Can a person that suffers an extreme pain really make such a crucial decision concerning his life? And where does the value of life stand in such cases? All the questions one has (and there are many of them) are clearly rhetorical questions, since nothing that has to do with life is right or wrong.
