I have many hesitations about my future life. I'm still young for knowing what I really want to do with my life, but ill try to imagine how can be my future life. First, I want to teach English in schools, I like this language very much, its an international language, so I can communicate with people all around the word. In addition, education is on of the most issue you can bestow to children, children are our future and we need to give them as many values as we can. I also would like to continue my studies for M.A in the education department. Although, working with children are very hard and we need a lot of patient and motivation. However, everything is expected, and we can never know what is going to happen.

I don’t know what age I will get marry, but I think that when its time to, it just comes without even letting you want. it will be a great period in my life. I want to have 4 children, two boys and two girls. I want to give my children the best education I can give, I will use my parents way. I will send them to a good school, where they can learn about many cultures, at least 3 languages and about our norms and behavior.  I want to lead them to the right way, to give them warm houses where they will be free to talk about everything they want. I want my children to be in touch with their relative. It's an important thing for them.

I will be happy also, if I have a dog in my house which, in my opinion is the greatest animal. Dogs are human's best friend.

I would like to travel around the world. A trip like the one I had 2 years ago in U.S.A and Canada. It was a trip I traveled to after I graduate my high school. However, I would like the trip to be to the other parts of the world, with my friends. I would like to go to a trip with my boyfriend and friends. I heard a lot about Italy, and I want to visit there for at least 10 days.

To sum up, I just hope thing will go easy like I imagine them now, because life is something unexpected. Once you have everything but you may also loose a lot if you are not clever. I want to also add my favorite quote that says "expect the worth, but hope for the best".
