Plagiarism is using others words without admitting of doing so. Using the words of others isn’t necessarily wrong, what is wrong about it is having using those words, and then also taking the credit for them. If one craves for someone else’s phrases so badly, all he has to do is put these phrases under quotation marks and state his sources. However plagiarism doesn’t always occur on purpose, since similar ideas can bloom from different minds. Therefore it can sometimes be very misleading and hard to expose those who purposely steal ideas and imitate the work of others in order for them to enjoy its effects. For example, a student might find it easier to cheat and copy verbatim someone else's written ideas in order for him to get a good grade without putting any effort in his “own” work.


Plagiarism can be defined as an intellectual crime. As mentioned above plagiarism isn’t always easy to uncover, and in some cases it might even be interpreted wrongly so that innocent people are blamed. When a case of plagiarism is finally revealed, it is almost never neglected or dismissed. The subjects that had a part in the procedure are usually punished severely. One that applies this system and gets caught can be kicked out of a school/university, lose a job and damage his entire career, or even get sued.


Plagiarism has increased significantly during the past few years. People from all over the world have access to various sources of knowledge via the Internet. One can encounter any piece of written information that his heart desires by only clicking a couple of key words. The Internet environment is full of individuals’ material- from school work papers to published novels, poems, articles etc.


The act of plagiarizing is hurtful for both the person that it is being done to and the person that produces it. Writers all over the world are having trouble dealing with this phenomenon of others stealing their work. The person that indulges on others work is probably trying to make things easier for himself. However using someone’s words or ideas as if they were your own is in fact harder than it might seem. Not only one who chooses walking via this path in most cases is likely to get caught, but it will also be harder on for him to enjoy the feeling of satisfaction that the results usually carry.


In conclusion there are a lot of reasons why people choose to plagiarize. One might want to get a good grade on a paper; another person might want to get an increase in pay check. However in my opinion plagiarism is not only cheating and possibly hurting yourself, but it is also hurting others. Unfortunately writers all over the world suffer from this phenomenon. As a young writer I hope not to be exposed to Plagiarism, for I wouldn’t like my words, nor would I like my ideas to be copied by someone else.
