Drinking alcohol among teenagers is a well known phenomenon that is usually in the public eye due to its dangers. Teenagers usually do not know what is good for them. Their judgment and perception of life is unbalanced.  Drinking in general can be very dangerous, but mostly among teenagers. At this phase of their life they have different priorities, when the most important is to be accepted among their friends. That can lead to what's called "group pressure, and to other different behaviors.


One of the dangers is drunk driving. Teenagers are usually going out with friends to parties, pubs etc. They drink alcohol as a way of having fun, the amount of drinking is frequently a lot, because when they start drinking they want to get drunk. At this age they already have driving license, therefore they drive under the influence of alcohol. When they drive under the influence of alcohol, they are not focused, they can not pay the hundred percent of attention needed while driving. Moreover the consequence is sometimes an accident. They don’t pay enough attention to what is happening on the road, and to the other cars. In this way they endanger not only themselves and their friends in their car, but also the other drivers around them.


Another danger is addiction. Alcohol can be addictive, and can lead to "heavier" addictions, such as drugs. When they start drinking they do it for fun, they enjoy the feeling of being drunk. They are usually are not aware of the option of getting addicted, yet it can happen. Teenagers are going throw the period of adolescence, they are truing to figure out who they are as a person. During this period they experience many different things and situations that can lead them to extreme emotions. A teenager in this period can get addictive easily, while seeking comfort in alcohol.


In addition, the behavior under the influence is changing. They can get into situations with others, and they don’t use their common sense. They usually turn to fists fighting to solve a problem or argument that accrued. It can lead them to use dangerous instruments while they fight, such as knives, broken bottles and what ever is in their site. The results of a dangerous behavior can be harsh; it can lead to severe wounds and even death. These teenagers would probably behave differently if they weren’t under the influence, they would turn to other alternatives than using physical strength.


All in all, drinking among teenagers should be taken more seriously. The forces should deal with this issue and to try and prevent it as much as possible. In addition, the awareness should be enforced in schools and other educational institutes. Moreover it’s the responsibility of each and every parent to discuss this matter with their children, and to present all of the dangers that involve in drinking alcohol.
