It's very important to understand and accept the differences between one society to another. Nevertheless,  people tend to criticize all the time. This phenomenon is natural due to the fact that each and everyone of us is a critic.




Every culture is special and unique. An open minded, modern person would probably love to be exposed to many different cultures, and to learn about them whereas a conservative person would probably criticize a culture which is different from his own, and look at it like it is weird and unaccepted.



People from the western cultures such as United States care more about their look, and are much more materialists than the people from the eastern cultures. Most of the American women go once a week to a hairdresser to make their hair done, and a make up for them is a must. In addition, they always concern with acquiring more and more luxury. For instance, they are not satisfied with having only a V.C.R at their house, but also a D.V.D.  Digital Television for them belongs already to history since most of them have satellite. Furthermore, each child should have a cell phone even though he is five years old and doesn't know yet how to say a grammatical sentence.



Alike the American people, the Israeli people are considered to be modern and most of them have good lifestyle. For instance: In my house, each one has his own television and Compact Disc Stereo too. Moreover, most of the Israeli people like buying cloths of famous brands, and almost every fifteen years teenager goes once a week to make her nails done called “French Manicure”. Furthermore, most the Israelis are motivated to become well – educated people by sending them to colleges/ universities in order to have a better career and opportunities.



However, people from the eastern cultures such as the Indians put more emphasis on spirituality and live traditional, simple life. The men usually support their families by doing all the work in the fields while the women’s work focused on taking care of the family and doing all the household chores. Many of the Eastern people don’t send their kids to school, yet train and supervise them either in the men’s work or the women’s work. Those people care more about gathering and spending time with their families than the western people.  Those people are not affected from the technology development and inventions since they believe that by using electricity facilities, they miss significant part of life – the value of life; therefore, they live simple life which based on traditional and moral values.
