The people of commerce are very sensitive about new possibilities of expansion. Just like a hungry dog searching for food, so good businessman is in constant trying "to sniff" new lines of production, new markets etc…And of course, willingly or not,  in his search, he will come across different possibilities offered by space exploration.

The commercial space exploration today is connected mostly with establishing means for electronic communication between different parts of the globe. Such means as cable TV, cellular phones, tireless internet etc become possible through the use of satellites. Another example of commercial use of space exploration I've met while reading some explanation about food additives. What is written on some of them is something like: "this product is used by NASA", which means in another words: "our product contains all necessary vitamins and minerals and it is suitable instead of regular food".

But implying some imagination, one can see that the future of commercial space exploration is wider, much wider than it is today. When I think about it, I can imagine two big areas of further development in this sphere. The first one is connected with the use of the natural resources of the other planets and the other one is about commercial space trips.

The use of natural resources of the other planets may include a lot of aspects, but what comes to my mind right now is something I would call "space jewelry". Perhaps on other planets there are metals and stones that are unseen on earth and that are very beautiful and shiny. Perhaps there are some fields of gold and platinum somewhere in the space.

I will not be surprised if in some years we'll find in our jewelry stores some rings and necklaces with stones from the Moon, from Jupiter or from Pluto. May be it will be even cheaper than our earthy gold and diamonds. It can happen in case some planet with abundance of all these matters will be found. May be in the future we'll even hear about the new colonies of settlers that arrived to these planets in their hunt after the riches, similar to the white settlers of the African continent in the past. But this is, of course, is a matter of much further future. However the stones from Venus in jewelry stores look to me quite real.

Another kind of commercial space exploration is, of course, space commercial trips. It will probably start from short space travels somewhere nearby the orbit of the Earth. I think in the beginning only a few will allow themselves to go to this kind of trips but, as in the case of aviation, it will probably become more and more popular and available for larger and larger masses of people. Finally it can become so popular that we'll witness such events as "space marriage", "space bar mitzvah" etc.

So, the commercial space exploration isn't anymore a subject for science fiction novels only. Day by day it becomes a reality. Probably there are much more potential uses of space in commerce and I sure the many minds of business oriented people are working even in this very moment on some new ideas. Good luck!
