My name is Dana Harel, I am 23 years old, and I live just by the sea shore in the second largest city in Israel called Tel Aviv. I love my home town because it is very lively and active. One is never bored when living in Tel Aviv since there is a lot to do, and many places to see. Tel Aviv is full of amusement places: cinemas, pubs, clubs, cafes, etc.

My parents are divorced, therefore I live with my mother and my 16 years old brother, and my father lives in Antwerp, Belgium. I also have a beautiful dog, her name is Kuy, and her breed is Shar-Pei. Shar-Pei is a very interesting dog because first of all they are very rare, secondly they look strange since they are wrinkled. I love my dog a lot, and I love dogs in general.

I have a boyfriend for the past three and a half years, his name is Oded, and he is my age. I love him very much, he makes me very happy, and he is also my best friend, but Oded is not my first love, my first love belongs to horses. When I was four years old my father took me for the first time in my life to ride horses. It was love at first sight and from that day on the horses and I were in separated. I started taking riding lessons because I wanted to become a professional horse rider, and I dreamt of having my own privet horse one day. With the years to come I had managed to accomplish both of these dreams, and by the age of 14 I became the Israeli champion for teenagers. When I was 18 years old I wan the Israeli championship again only this time for adults. Unfortunately I am not riding at the moment meanly because horse riding is a very expensive sport and I can not afford it right now, but I believe and hope that one day I will ride again because I only feel whole and complete when I am with my horses.

At the moment I am studying in Kibbutzim College of Education in the English department, my major is in English and Education, and this is my first year out of four. I really like my college and my studies, and I hope that I will succeed in them.
