My name is Noa Kassem; I'm 24 years old, divorced and a mother of one child.  I'm a first year student at Seminar Hakibbutzim College in the English department. I live in Tel-Aviv, with my parents.

When I get married nearly 4 years ago, I was already finished high school, so it didn’t bother me that I’m not going to continue my studies, but being a housewife for the rest of my life that actually bothered me. I could not bear the though that I’m going to spend my life doing nothing it’s just not who I am. All my friends told that I have the ability of giving, sharing and loving and it would be a waist of talent if I give all that up. After two years of marriage I get pregnant, and only during my pregnancy period when I started to think about my future, which concerned teaching. The arguments between my exe husband and me started to grow slowly so I asked for a divorce. I took it very hard at the beginning, but eventually I found my self, thinking only on what’s best. And that is actually when I decided to continue my study and dedicate my life (for the meanwhile) for my child who’s a boy called Oded by the way, and is two and a half years old and myself. I have been thinking about being a teacher ever since I can remember myself, since, in my opinion it is the most interesting subject ever. I’m a loving person, all the people I know say that I’m a good “soul”, who like to give, share and most important like to laugh. I like to laugh a lot, I have a sense of humor and I like to make others laugh also. That’s why it’s the main reason for picking the teaching position, I feel I’m blest with this gift, because I love children, all kind of children, even the hardest ones. And I feel that I have the ability of giving them things they will never forget as much as I won’t forget either.   I’m hoping to finish my studies as soon as possible, it is quiet difficult in here, and the lessons are long and exhausting, even though we have a very nice teachers like Tina.



Waiting for your response, so be in touch
