I was born in October 1980 to an Israeli family, in central Israel just 20 minutes north of Tel – Aviv. While growing up I've lived in 4 countries; Israel, Turkey, Italy and Holland. My family traveled around because my father works for the Israeli Airline. In Holland I studied for  four years in The British School of The Netherlands, where I received a very different education then the one I received in Israel. I believe that this is the main reason I consider myself a worldly person. After finishing my high- school studies, I recruited into the Israeli army forces at the age of 18. As you might not know it is obligatory to   in role into the army for all Israelis both male and female.

In the army, I was in the intelligence force, in a small unit , unfortunately I am not allowed to explain what I did there…although I can assure that it is not as interesting as it sounds. After a two year service I left the army as a sergeant.

It is common for Israelis to travel after the army service to enjoy the sense of freedom  a little, I decided to fly to Amsterdam where I lived and worked for almost two years. Coming back home was wonderful and I moved in to an old , yet very retro apartment in Tel Aviv with two close friends. I lived in Tel Aviv for a year. During this year I worked for the Israeli Airline. My work was mostly abroad, I even got a chance to live for 3 months in Shanghai, China.

This year I'm a first year student in Seminar Hakibbutzim -  college of Education. Studying for a B.ed in English. I study 37 hours a week, which is very time consuming and I mange to work 2 shifts a week for El AL ( the Israeli Airline) I don't have much time for anything less, except I force myself to work out once or twice a week. My favorite sports at the moment is spinning, I've been practicing spinning since it first arrived to Israel which is more then four years ago. I also enjoy walking and running, although I only run when I'm really in shape.

I have many subjects I'm interested in ,which I  would enjoy discussing in the forum.
