My name is Vera Deek. I'm 19 years old. I live in Tel-Aviv, in Israel.

Tel-Aviv is located near the see. It is one of the big cities in Israel. It is famous in her good fish restaurant and her big shopping centre.

Tel-Aviv has also the two biggest building in Israel that name "Azrieli`s building".

My father has a private office, he an accountant. In addition, he graduated last year from his studies in law he got the B.A. Nowadays, he continued his M.A in government in Tel-Aviv University. My mum is a bookkeeper. My brother George is the oldest one, he is almost 21, and he is graduating this year from his college in Herzliya, in law and government faculty.

I have a little sister called Sandra, she is still at school she is 12 years old, and she is a swimmer and a dancer.


I have many hobbies. When I was young, I used to dance ballet, classic, jazz and modern hip hop music. I quit it after 11 years. Than I choose to change a direction, I went into a basketball team in Jaffa. I played there almost 4 years and I quit it because of lack in time. Nowadays, I try to run a lot; the reason is I don’t want to loose my skills.


From my childhood I'm in scoots. I'm a leader. I like to go there to spend time with my friends. It is very important for me to go and help young children, giving them general information about Christianity, and about our culture.

What is special in our clan is that it gathers Christian from Jaffa together, and talk about culture, our religion and of course fun activities. We usually spend there our weekends. In the summer, we have a summer camp, which teach the cadets how to be independence.


Nowadays, I study in seminar Ha kibbutzim in Tel-Aviv, English department. I guess the youngest girl at my college. I like to come to my college, I have many friends but I have always school work.

I like spending time with my family. Although, everyone is busy in this work and study but still we find time to sit, talk, and pass on experience that happened with us during the day.
