It was at an early age that Jenny met Nicolas. It was on a sunny day in October.

Jenny went to the beach; she was lying down, reading an interesting "vogue" magazine with her friend Diana.

They were gossiping, laughing, talking and enjoying their day off.

Nicolas was with his friend, looked at her and knew that he can reach her.

He had the courage to go and talk to her. When he began to come closer, Jenny's friend was shocked from his beauty, and Diana tried to look her best. Jenny didn’t get excited at all; she continued reading her book.

"Hey beautiful girl " he said in a gentle voice.

"Hey" she said seriously. He blushed from her reaction.

"How are you?"

"I'm fine thank you. Who are you? Do I know you from some place"?

"No "he answered I just saw you and I liked you so, I came to have a small talk do you mind?"

"Mum... NO! She said with a little smile"

"My name is Jenny Dam; I'm from Tel-Aviv. I'll skip my age." She smiled

"I'm Nicolas, I'm from U.S.A…I'm 29 years old.

"Would you like to drink some coffee"?

Jenny began to like him, but she didn’t show him, pretending that she is hard to get.

After they finished drinking coffee in the caf? shop next to the beach, Jenny said bye to Nicolas. They exchanged phone numbers, before she left Nicolas kissed her on her red big lips, he was a good kisser that she couldn’t even stop him.

Ohm my god girls!!!

You don’t believe how gentleman he is?!!

Not only he invited me for a coffee, but also he didn’t let me pay! All guys from U.S.A are like that.

"So did you set a date already?"

"No, meanwhile we switched numbers. He must call, and I'm sure he will"

While talking with Diana, Jenny's cell phone rang. It was from her work. There was a big accident and they wanted her to be there Jenny did her best to come the faster she can to the hospital. When she arrived to the injured she was so surprised to see….


When she arrived to the hospital, she saw a mother outside the intensive care with a little girl that looked about 10 years old.

"Please doctor" Tell me that my boy will stay alive!!... Tell me he is fine!!!"

"I still don’t know," answered Jenny I just arrived. Jenny entered the intensive care.

"Jenny" said one of the doctors. "A car ran him down, he came in unconscious"

She said "Let's begin our job"

After almost 2 hours the doctors went out. Aleksandra was still out side waiting for the doctors. When she saw the doctor she stood up and went across to ask about Mark her lovely son.

"Doctor, how is he? Is he O.k.? Can I see him?" Aleksandra asked with pressure.

She pressured the doctors.

"Well Madame, he is fine now, he regained his conscious. However, he must rest a lot he may not recognizes you at the beginning but he will probably talk. You have a lot of responsibility, you must stay next to him till he wakes up, try to remember the first words he takes out says from his mouth."

She didn’t even answer Jenny; she took her girl and went into the room.

"Hey Mark, mummy is here honey" said Aleksandra to her son.

She continued talking to him even though he was still asleep. While she was talking suddenly Nicolas arrived. "What happened to my son?!! Where were you when all this happened?!! I work hard to bringing money and food; all I ask you to do is taking care and raiser children!!" Why Aleksandra??!! Why??!! I trusted you I love you and you know my children are my life…" Nicolas was shouting at his wife… the entire department could hear his high voice. When jenny heard the shouts she entered the room to check if the boy woke up. However, she was so surprise to see the father. It was Nicolas the Man from U.S.A that she met on the beach.

"Nicolas?!! Is that you?!! What are you doing here? Do you know that boy?"

Nicolas was shocked to see Jenny in front of him. He couldn’t say a word there was silence till Aleksandra began to talk in a low voice….

"Where do you know her from? Is there something you want to tell me about?"

"No darling, it's not what you think I really love you, I met her in on of my bases during the army, and nothing much I swear"

Nicolas couldn’t look in her eyes. Jenny pretended her self not hearing to the conversation… when Alex comes to ask the doctor where she met her husband Mark wakes up.

"Mummy mummy….where are you?" he yelled

"My love, how are you, how do you feel?" asked Alex.

Mummy?!! Said Mark surprisingly

"Yes darling… is something wrong?"

"Where am I? Where is the car?"

Aleksandra continued gaining information from her scary son, about how the accident happened.

Meanwhile, Nicolas went to talk to Jenny. He bagged her not to tell his wife about their meeting the same morning. It was hard to convince her she was so upset and mad because she liked him.

"Jenny, please keep it as a secret. I have a family to raise …my wife will kill me if she knows I betrayed her"

"You should have thought about it before!" you lied to me about your age... Your status, it's not fair…and the kiss you gave me?!! Should I mention it? And in addition to all this I have to forgive you and keep it as a secret?!!

Nicolas was depressed he didn’t know what to do. His mind was full of thoughts whether to tell Aleksandra the truth or keep it as a secret. He began to remember the old days that he used to spent with Aleksandra when he promised her never to betray her. Now after almost 12 years of marriage, he did it, he betrayed for the first time and he had no reason for betraying. He loved her very much; he knows that if she discovers the truth he only can dream about their relationship. Nicolas has to take a very hard final decision about the step his is going to do, or to tell Aleksandra the truth about kissing jenny or continue lying.





Nicolas decided to tell Aleksandra the truth. He went checking where she is. He was so afraid from her reaction because Aleksandra is known as having a high temper; she may yell at him or even beats him. She was deeply in love. When she spoke, she thought she heard bells, as if she were garbage backing up. She never dreams he will betray her.

"Aleksandra dear… can you come for a second… we must talk…its very important leave everything and please come"

One minute please, I want to see if mark is fine."

"Ok…my love, ill wait for you out in the corridor…"

After few minutes Aleksandra arrives with a huge smile on her face.

"Honey… he is fine... :-) Mark is fine….I'm so happy. So, what was that important??!! She asked him surprisingly…

"Listen… I'm going to tell you something that I can't hide anymore, and if I don’t say it I will feel bad….very bad…"

"What's wrong darling? What makes you feel so bad? It is because of Mark?"

No!! Alex……I LOVE YOU SO MUCH…..I can't wait for the holiday so I can spend time with you and with the kids… I miss you so much.

Alex was so happy to hear that…. She jumped on him telling him she will never find such a great husband…

"You're amazing Nicolas…from the day I met you I knew I will be the happiest one on earth."

"Alex lets take Mark and Kate go to eat in a good restaurant long time we didn’t go out with the children…"

"I would love too, I miss you so much, life is so hard far from you, and I really need you by my side".

"O.k.! lets check what about mark"

"What restaurant would you like to go…?"

"A good fish restaurant, long time we didn’t eat fish! Do you like this idea?"

While they were discussing and talking about the restaurant, they were shocked to see Kate and Mark sitting together and talking about school and T.V programmed.
