It was during the war with Mexico that sergeant Steve lost his best friend and commander Mc-Gregory. I remember that Daniela and I were waiting for him in the base for three hours until he arrived. I’ve already thought that I might not see him anymore. “Thanks god!” – I shrieked at the first second I saw him getting out from the track. And it wasn’t an internal shriek. I shrieked so loud that everyone in the base must have heard me. He smelled like a pig, his face were black like the night…

”My love, I missed you so much. How do you feel? Guess what? I prepared your favourite Chinese food and the chili sauce too” – I said it with a smile, waiting for a loving reaction. “Thank you, Elinor” – he said. He was as silent as a fish…I was thinking to myself: “What’s the matter with him? Why did he call me Elinor instead of Eli, the way he always calls me. Isn’t he happy to see me after a long period we haven’t seen each other? Maybe he fell in love with a beautiful Mexican girl?” He seemed odd, weird. I have never seen him like that in my entire life. The atmosphere was heavy, and I didn’t have a clue for the reason. I was thinking we’re going to have a lovely picnic outside, but it was far from being lovely, extremely far.

I asked him: “Honey, is everything o.k?”

“Yea, you know…I’m exhausted” – he answered.

Daniella, our daughter, approached him carrying her colourfull ball and said: “Daddy, daddy, we haven’t played soccer for a while; you promised me that as soon as you come back from Mexico we’ll play soccer all of us together, and mommy too. Do you remember daddy? Do you remember?”. He was quite touched and said: “Oh sweety, daddy is tired right now. We’ll play tomorrow, o.k hon?”

“But you promised ,daddy, you promised…” – she cried.

I was totally surprised to see his reaction; it was the first time he refused to do what she wants. It seemed that his warm heart had become cold like a rock. "That's it!" – I said to myself. "I won't let him go further"…

"Steve, you know what, if you are not going to tell me what's going on right now"…

"Then what"? – he said with he had tears on his eyes.

"You will lose me, and it will be forever" – I answered when I was about losing control. I was so insulted by his attitude. In my mind, I could see myself receiving the divorce papers by mail. I could hear Daniela's cry when she hears about the divorce.

"I hate my life", he screamed like a mad man who was in the mad institution for twenty years. "Why, tell me, why did it have to be that way?", he said while he was charging the gun, and aimed it to his head.

"Oh my gosh", I said while my heart was beating loudly.

"What are you doing?" , "Please, we can solve anything, just…just"… - I couldn't finish my sentence, I couldn't breathe. "Just give me the gun"…"Don't do that, for god sake, if not for me, so for your daughter"…

I fainted. The next time I saw him was in the hospital. As soon as I opened my eyes, I saw him sitting next to me. I didn't know where I am. "Where am I?" – I asked him anxiously.

"You fainted, you lost your conscious while I had this sort of explosion…I'm sorry honey, I'll tell you everything, just calm down my love, ok?" – he said it with a soft, lovely tone while I could easily feel the love in the air again.

"Ok, Romeo, tell your Julia the all story, everything, without omitting any detail." – I said.  He looked so nice that moment. He was so afraid from my reaction. And he started talking while he was crying like a baby, " Honey , I lost my best friend in the war, Mc-Gregory. He sacrificed his life for me. Few seconds before he died, he told me – "Steve, promise me that you'll take care of my family, tell them that I love them so much…" , and he died within my arms.

"Since then, honey, I haven't been myself,  I couldn't realize it. I felt kind of guilty. I didn't want to live any longer until I saw you fainted which made me remind how much I admire and cherish you. So, would you forgive me, my sweet heart?"

"I love you for the loyalty you have to your friends, for your sensitivity, for the person you are…"

"I love you too" – he said and gave me a huge kiss.

Few days later, we went together to visit Mc-Gregory's family. Her heart was broken to pieces. We still take care of her, and of course her children. Thanks god that she feels much better now, well it's already been five months since her husband died. She's actually having a serious relationship at the moment due to the perfect match we did for her: Steve and I  introduced to her Steve’s friend. They seem to be a complementary couple, completely in love.

Steve and I are so happy together, indeed. We are going on a vacation soon, the four of us: Steve and I , and Mc-Gregory's wife and her boyfriend.  I have everything I have ever dreamt of, I cannot imagine my life without him. We have wonderful, great time with our beautiful daughter…And guess what, I'm pregnant, and it's a boy. We are looking forward to see if our boy is going to be a commander like his dad.
