It was a very unhappy party for Jill. She knew Jack almost all her life and after he was about six mounts away from home she had found out why he didn’t come home all this time;

He announced his engagement to Loura- Captain Mc-Geregory’s widow.

Jill was shocked she could hardly overcome her desire to burst into tears, when everybody else was clapping at the announcement.

Jill felt she is going to be sick, so she hurried to the toilette to try and pool herself together.


How cruel of him, surly he must have guessed by now how special he is for her, how could he not say a word to her before? In front of all the people! She wished she was dead.

How can she go bake to the party to face all these happy faces and to wish the new couple all best? All the best indeed! It was certainly to much to ask from her. Promptly she decided she is going to use the back door and disappeared.


Elinor, sergeant Steve’s wife went after Jill. “Sorry Jilly”- she said, “it came as a total surprise to me to. I understand you to leave now, and I will make the necessary excuses for you, I’ll speak to you in the evening.”


Jill came home, and within 6 hours, she was on a flight to Italy leaving messages on all her friends' answering machines about a sudden job offer she’s got from her newspaper where she worked as a free lancer. She will have a new beginning no matter what…





Jack was about 10 years old when Jill moved into the house next door. Their moms became good friends and so did the children.

She will never forget the happy times the used to have during the summer holidays. They used to go to summer camps together and Jill would have all the equipment necessary and if there was anything Jack needed, she was only to happy to give it to him. They really shared a beautiful childhood, and all this time she was secretly in love with him, waiting for him to recognize his feelings for her as love. For her it was only a matter of time before the famous nursery rhyme about Jack and Jill "getting together forever" will come true.

But then, twenty years latter she had found herself nearly thirty years old and single, while he is marrying Mc-Gregory's widow, barley six months after his best friend and officer had died. Did he love her when Mc-Gregory was still alive? How can he be so sure of his feelings after such a short time? Maybe it's only his sense of duty combined with the promise he had made to his dying friend, to look after his wife. It didn't really matter; she didn't stay to find out. That job offer in Italy that was on her desk for the past 2 weeks suddenly become irresistible. She phoned Leo, her editor and found herself on the plane to Italy the very same day.

Although, this has happened so many years ago, it was fresh in her mind like as if it was only a week ago.

She met Tony, a charming co-worker, in Rome, and they were married within 3 months. They had Dan and spend some beautiful years together. When Dan was about seven years old, Tony went off with a younger girl. After they divorced, she stayed in Italy for three more years and then went back home.

+


"Mommy, mommy! Anne fell off the tree house!" Dan, her son, rushed in to the kitchen shouting.

Jill was back in the USA now, for six months already. And she hasn't seen Jack all this time. For the past 11 years that she had lived in Italy, they kept missing each other whenever they came for vacations to their home town. This situation suited her just fine. She was still very vulnerable after her divorce. And she didn't want to stir up any old emotions if they still existed.

She hastened shaking away her reveries and hurried outside to check upon the little girl. Anne was Jack's daughter, she is nine years old, only a year younger then Dan, and they seem to like each other a lot.

It was the summer school holiday, and she was staying next door with her granny for the whole summer, as her parents were abroad.

She carried the little girl in and phoned her granny: "no Hanna, it doesn't look broken, but come over and I'll drive to the clink, just to make sure."

Jack's mother came and all went to the clink. Anne was sitting at the back with Dan. She had stopped crying by now and it looked like she is going to be fine.

When they got to the casualty ward, they were asked to wait outside, and Anne was taken for an x-ray. "Her father is coming back tomorrow, you now" said Hanna.

Oh, are they back from the vacation already?" asked Jill. Her voice calm and aloof. "Yes, and Laura went up north to fetch her children from her parents" said Hanna.

"Dan is going to miss his little friend when they get back", said Jill. "They are going back on Monday, so his got a few days to get used to the idea." said Hanna.

Jill didn't know what to say, on one hand she knew Jack all her life and it would look kind of fanny if they wont meet when he's hear, surly he herd from his mom that she is back. Jill decided to deal with the issue latter so she kept quiet.

The next day, just before the evening the door bell rang. It was Jack; Hello Jilly, he said "may I come in?" "Sure" she said, it was quit impossible to say anything else. "How are you doing?" He was doing just fine, she could see that. He hardly changed, some new lines in his face and some grey hair, but otherwise he looked as handsome as usual. "You look wonderful Jilly" he echoed her thoughts. "Italy did good to you."

Yes, I loved it there. It was difficult to leave. "So why did you really?" "Oh, I thought it is time for Dan to get to know his family, and the American way of life as well."

I was sorry to hear about the divorce" said Jack. "I've learned to accept whatever I can not change" Replied Jill. How's Laura and the kids? "They are fine, we went for a vacation without them, It was a novelty for us. "and how did it go?" asked Jill, surprised at his openness.
