Lisa is my grand-mother from my father’s side. She is very kind. She loves to help others all the time even though she’s not so young anymore. She has a very interesting life. She traveled a lot through the world, and learnt a lot from her travel. She visited almost every country in Europe, and she also spent quit a lot of time in America. All these travel were for her job, but she had the time to enjoy them too. When she finally settled down and got married she brought seven children to the world. She loves them very much and took great care of them. She enriched their general knowledge by telling them all kind of stories from her numerous travels.


Laure is my grand-mother from my mother’s side. She is and always has been a hard worker. She had to quit school at a young age and go to work to help her family. Since that time, she always works. She worked in all kind of jobs, from cleaning houses to being the secretary of the CEO of a large company. She has great work ethics and is devoted to her work at one hundred per cent. For she worked almost all her life, she got only one child. The lack of time to be in pregnancy break and the constant need of money prevented her from having another child. However, she took good care of her only child. She is still alive today despite of her old age, but now she takes the time to be with my mother for making up of the years she only thought of work.


To my great satisfaction, my too grand-mothers are still alive today. They are old but they are very active and are always there for me. The two of them live next to me in their small apartments. I love to go to visit them for they are very lonely. They lost their husband at a relatively young age and live alone now. However, their taste for life isn’t gone, spiritually and literally. Every week, they meet to go to the restaurant. They chose a different restaurant every week and eat until they can’t move. They are overweight but they claim that it doesn’t matter to them now, they want to enjoy food as they enjoy life.

I don’t care if they are overweight, I still love them anyway.
