Hello, my name is <NAME OMITTED>, and this is my first year as a student in “Seminar Hakibutzim”. The first day I got here, it felt as if I was back in my old school again. The reason for that is that the Seminar has a cafeteria, lawns, and building used for studying, and my old school used to have all that as well.

The classrooms in the Seminar are rather small. Every class has white little tables with black legs, white boards, and an over head projector with a white screen folded above the whiteboard.  Most classes have white lockers with different types of books in them,

And all classes own windows with grey curtains hanging above them. As I see it, the only thing that has a lively color in these classes is the chairs: the chairs are either purple or red and they all have black legs holding the seats.

Most of the time the classrooms are very cold, for the air-conditioner is usually on. So it happens that everything in these classes reminds me of the winter: the bright-grey colors as well as the room’s temperature.

There aren’t many students in the classrooms, and the majority of students in each class are the girls. Every class I go to has usually only two boys in, if not one.

The students’ population is of all ages and from various religions, so it is really interesting to have a conversation in class, because every one has their own point of view about different issues.

Every course has different teachers, and most of the teachers are very nice: they usually don’t dictate facts while students have to keep with their pace. A class is usually conveyed via conversation and cooperation, so that everyone is involved in the class’ topic. However the well known problem of “A Lot of Homework” stands here as well. The teachers don’t seem to forget about giving homework at the end of each class, nor do they forget about collecting homework that was given on the class before.

Personally, I don’t have too many complaints about that, I knew what I was getting into when signing up to the Seminar, and when one wants to study he has to follow his teachers’ will. However there is one thing I really do not grasp about the Seminar: why do teachers care so much about attendance? After all, this isn’t high-school, and the students are not supposed to get a bad grade for not showing up for classes. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t tend to miss classes, but I just don’t think anyone should care if I do, nor should anyone ask me for reasons.
