It's five pm, I just got home from college but I have to go out again. I must go, But why? Nothing's making me… I'm exhausted,  but I manage to gain some power, get up from the couch, get dressed and go.

Why should I, anyway?

Maybe because it's home I'm going to. I know, I already mentioned the word "HOME", but could it be possible for a person to have two homes?

Twenty minutes after leaving the house and start walking, I get there. I go in through the directory, say hi to whoever sits there, and sometimes I just sit there myself, on those brown leather chairs, that to me symbolize a great deal of power.

Someone will go in right after I do. Who will it be?  Will it be Hind, my best friend? Or maybe she's sitting outside in the yard, playing basketball or just talking to someone? In there, you're never alone. And that's the beauty of the place- a simple beauty. A beauty that reflects through the white walls, the white plastic chairs and the small room that is used as a library. In the yard, people fear the walls are going to fall. It all look so fragile, no matter how fun you can have. There's always this great fear of breaking down- if the walls crash, we'll all crash with it.

FAMILY- that's the key word to the charm that place on Yeffet Street in Jaffa has on me. If you think of family as a blood relation, that's definitely NOT the place for you. Maybe not everyone is kind or nice, some people are even rude, but hey, don’t you have some rude people in your family?

We can stay there for hours- you'll always have something to do, or someone to talk to. Playing volleyball- that's something I learned there and it's just another thing for me to thank the place for. Practicing different sports activities, working with children, learning to love my home town- I started there.  But above all- it heals. And that's something I say from the bottom of my heart. With all the pain around, it provides a perfect escape. Within all the fakeness, I find real people there. You usually get there because you have to- and you stay because you want. In that sense, I consider it mine. It's mine and another hundreds of people's.
