Despite the fact that Israel is a very small country, and it might be thought that weather effects are spread equally between all the different areas in the country, It is not necessarily so. Israel is generally considered a very warm country with a Mediterranean climate. However if one investigate further, he might find some interesting differences. For instance Tel- Aviv and Eilat are very different.

The autumn in Tel Aviv is very pleasant. Cold winds blow. The rain is not consistent and followed by several breaks. The temperature ranges between 19c-22c. The atmosphere is not so cold so people can wear thin long sleeved shirts and still feel warm. Although the weather is cold and windy in autumn, people can still enjoy some beautiful sunny days on the beach of Tel Aviv. Unlike in Tel-Aviv, autumn in Eilat is quite different. Eilat is located near the Sinai desert and thus the climate is a desert climate. That is to say that the nights are cold and the days are cool and dry.

Furthermore, due to the desert climate there is no rain. Tourists usually come from all of the world to enjoy the beautiful beaches of the red sea in Eilat.

Another weather difference between Tel Aviv and Eilat is the winter. In Tel Aviv there are heavy rains and the temperatures drop to 10'c-12'c. the winds are very strong and therefore it seems even colder. People tend to stay indoors which may cause a gloomy atmosphere and even depression. Needless to say that winter in Eilat is brought to a higher level. In fact in Eilat during the winter nights it is very cold and the days are very cold as well. The temperatures can drop to 5'c-10'c and the air is pretty dry. Because of the desert climate the winds are cold and heavy and it hardly rains

Spring in Tel Aviv is beautiful and very pleasant. The temperatures range between 18'c-24'c. Flowers blossom and the surrounding is green. Beach lovers can start tanning on the beautiful beaches of the city. The winds are cool and pleasant and sometimes there is a light rain and light humidity. In Eilat on the other hand, there is no humidity. In fact the air is very dry and pleasant. Moreover people can enjoy spending time on the beach.

Last but not least, the summer, which is my favorite season of the year, reveals its character of Tel Aviv. In other words people enjoy the outdoors activities. The beaches are full, cafes are jammed and the night life last for ever. However in July and August the humidity and the heat are unbearable. Whereas in the summer time in Eilat the weather is very hot and dry. The temperatures can rise up to 40'c. The days are long and dry and the nights are cool and pleasant. Tourists come from all over the world to enjoy the beautiful beaches of the Red Sea and the scenery of the mountains around.

In conclusion there are many weather differences in Israel, even though it is a small country.
