Zoos are considered as educational institutions for understandable reasons. People can go to zoos and actually see in their own eyes a variety of wild animals they would probably never see elsewhere. They can learn about the animals' life style: what are their eating habits, where do they usually live and how do they breed. This educational value is undoubtedly important. It plays an essential role in the matter of understanding nature and the seed to preserve it. But while we are trying to educate people to protect wild animals, we are actually eradicating them and abusing them.

Zoos are making a lot effort to encourage wild animals' reproduction in captivity; they are trying to make their cages bigger, they bring females and mails from zoos all over the world in order for the animals to find their match and breed. Despite all these efforts there are still only few successes. It is a fact; wild animals thrive in their natural environment and not in captivity.

Even though zoos are trying to allow a suitable cage to each animal, cages are still unacceptably small; wild animals are often capped in no more then meters cages. You can see them ether walking nervously in circles or laying down in despair. One thing is sure they are not happy with their situation; they wish they could run away (with stress on the word run). Because they are built to be physically active, preventing them the option to play, run, hunt and other activities is considered a crime in my eyes.

Wild animals, especially dangerous, are usually capped alone. The reasons are not too hard to figure; they can fight, frighten people, and to generally cause some inconvenient disorders. The zoo wants to prevent this kind of events. A side effect of this confinement is wild animals in zoos do not have a social life, or even a smallest interaction with their own kind. The only interaction they experience is with people, their nurtures and the staring visitors.

To conclude, I want to say that only rehabilitate animals should be kept in zoos. Well, I wish this suggestion was easy to establish. More realistic demand is to make zoos more appropriate environment for animals, to improve sustenance conditions under their supervision. And by doing these changes, to support the original idea of a zoo: an institution that educates people to protect wild animals and correspondingly to preserve nature.
