In modern days both parents are obligate to work in order to maintain their families and that leaves them with a question what to do with the child. They have two options one is day car centers the other one is leaving the child with a member of the family. Both these options have advantages and disadvantages regarding the child welfare.

One advantage is educational supervising authorities. The child is in the hand of professional people that are being monitor. The people in charge have the ability to educate the child and are also having the ability to care of his/her physical needs.

Another advantage is acquiring social skills. The child is surrounded by children and there for he must learn how to socialize. He has to learn how to behave in a group, he has to learn to help others and he needs to learn how to share thing with others. These skills are important to have when living in a civilize society.

One more advantage is that the day car centers are much cheaper than staying at home with the child. The parents are paying less money to day car center because there is more then one child in the day car center and that is why the costs are reasonable then if they took a person who will baby-sit or if the mother will stay at home.

When talking about day car centers we find that there are some disadvantages also. One disadvantage is the lack of personal attention. The day car center usually has many children attending it and that means

That the child is not always supervising. Sometimes the child needs one on one attention and the day car center can not always provide that. This can be something that the parents will consider when deciding whether to sent the child to day car.


Another disadvantage is when the child is sick the day car center won't allow the parents to send the child in because they will be afraid that the child will be cant ages to other children so one of the parents will have to stay at home with the child and there for will miss a day of work. This can cause in axtrim situation losing the jobs of one parent.

The hours of the day car center are not always suitable and that is another disadvantage. If the parents want   to leave the child for a longer time they can not. They have to fallow the time instruct red by the day car center and they will have to think of another solution which can cause difficulty.


To sum it up in these days when society demons both parents to work it seems impossible not to send your children to some sort of day car center where other people will take car of your child. It is also know that children imitating each other and that can increase there personal development depending on there age.
