The face of entertainment has change over the past decade. Movies are no longer romantic stories such as "Gone with the wind" or epic stories like "Ben Hur". Since the introduction of cable television and prime time, "rating" is the magic word. Producers seek to grab the attention of the viewers, production companies are completely tuned in the viewer's preferences when it comes to their taste in movies and television series. The genre most popular in today's movies and television shows are reality shows depicting crimes as such as murder, grand theft and drug dealing.  The viewers have changed, they are no longer interested in television shows reflecting the mire reflection of their own life. The twenty first century viewers want to be thrilled, while staying safe in the comfort of their home or movie theater. Thru television and cinema the spectators wish to enter the secret life of court rooms, police precincts and operating rooms where justice is done.

Viewers have lost their innocence, once they only wanted to be entertained, but times have change and people have become blood thirsty. In the past ten years, we have seen shows like "ER" and the "Third Watch" grabbing Oscars for best television dramas, because of their success in rating. The audience need for bloody images are met by these television dramas where doctors and paramedics are the heroes, because they are saving lives and making miracles happen. With the introduction of special effects, the images have become more realistic and credible as a result, the audience is immerged in the life of emergency services. The thrill is constant, the shots move from one trauma to the other while stories of drug overdose, drunk driving and gang related shootings are embroider in the stories. The viewer is swapped away from its daily routine only to find tension and excitement.

The curiosity is one of the most acute traits of human nature. Since most of us won't ever step foot in an interrogation room or behind bars of a prison cell, our curiosity is left unsatisfied. Producers have seen long ago how shows such as "Hill Street Blues" draw the interest of the viewers. These police dramas have multiplied over the years to meet the growing demand. Since "Starsky and Hutch" adjustments have been made to fit the demands of the audience. The detectives and police officers are no longer tall and beautiful, the actors chosen to play these roles are chubby, short and unattractive. The charisma of the characters is forged by their realistic performance. The script writers have taken their gloves off to write blunt discourse and fowl language. The d?cor is dark and uninviting to enhance the atmosphere. The viewer can fully experience the violence of interrogations and the dangers of police pursuits, while his curiosity is satisfied.

Thrillers are of special interest to viewers, because they can experience fear and horror without taking unnecessary risk while seated in comfortable chairs. Blockbuster movies are usually depicting the crimes of the twisted minds, "Silence of the lambs" was a mix of cannibalism and insane murders of young innocent lives. The audience was seating on the edge of their seat, experiencing both horror and interest. The rush of adrenaline in moments of extreme tension is intoxicating, but viewers seem to enjoy that tension. A sense of great satisfaction is reached when the killer is caught or better yet killed by the hero, because justice is done.

Spectators are passionate about justice, they seek to enter the court rooms and judges' chambers to see justice in action. Television dramas revolving around trials and convictions are numerous. These shows give the audience satisfaction because justice is served and the criminals are sent away. This new interest for justice comes as a result of citizens not satisfied with the judiciary system and its flaws. The life of characters such as lawyers and judges become accessible to the viewers, the idea of perfection changes to a more human picture and the spectator is comforted by the fact that they are flawed like him.

The face of television and movie entertainment has changed, because viewers are looking for something different. Since the audience is in control of the rating, will be seeing in the future an abundance of reality shows. True stories will be adapted to the small screen while thriller novels will be used to produce new hit movies. The more realistic the plot will be the more attention it will get from the audience. The producers need to keep the viewers excited and curious at all cost, because it means success and profit. While the adult viewers are satisfied by bloodshed and fear, young viewers are exposed to the same pictures. We should seriously consider the damaging effects the reality shows have on our young audience before we suffer from the concequences.
