Day care centers are places where little kids are sent to, by their parents, where there are nannies has to take care of them instead of the parents. Nevertheless it has some disadvantages and advantages.


I believe that Day care centers have a big part in having women come through their careers and lives. Day care centers enable women nowadays to continue further in their lives, and build their career, so they would not have to stay at home in the morning and take care of their little children. They can go calmly to their work place.



I also believe that day care centers are big part in the early development of the little child, since it is the children transition from indoors which is their home to outdoors, which is the day care center. The child learns slowly that he is not alone in the world, and he has companions, and other children with the same age. The child may learn to share. For instant he understands that the toys in the kinder garden are not only belonging to him, and that the other kids are aloud to play with them too. In contrast to the situation at home, where they are used to have everything for themselves, since they are the youngest children in the family.


Another important advantage is that day care centers may assist in building position of independency in   little children, for the reason that it is their first stage when they are separated partly form their parents, and homes. Although nannies are there to take care of them, it is not the same as having parent taking care of their son or daughter. What makes it different is that the attention is given to all the kids rather only to him or her.


I also assume that children in the day care centers start to be aware of responsibility and organization. For example when they play a game and they have to play in the correct order of the game, or when they wait for their turn.


However, there are few disadvantages of children going to daycare centers. Day care centers might have a bad influence on the little kids in some particular cases.


One disadvantage is that; since child is brought from different parents and has different adjustments, he or she might not get along with the other kids, and feel misfit. In addition, they might imitate a bad behavior from other kids.


Second, when nannies do not treat all the kids equally, I assume the child might act poorly or even use violence in order to get their attention.


Third disadvantage; for the reason that little children are being influenced easily by the things they are exposed to, I think they might imitate another child who is at the same day care center with them, and adopt his or her bad behavior.



Thus, I think that day care centers very significant to the parent and the child, and that they have many advantages, yet we have to be aware of the disadvantages.
