In the past, women used to stay at home, nurture the children, cook meals and clean the house all day long. Whereas the men, used to go to work, earn money and support the family. However, nowadays women are more modern than they used to be in the past .They mange to allocate their time between having a career and taking care of the family affairs. Since they work someone needs to care of the children. Therefore day care centers have become the ultimate solution for them. In the day care the child is being taking care of by number of factors. He has food supplies, close supervision and sleep arrangements .Although the day care centers may seem as an optimal solution for taking care of a child. Every woman needs to make an individual decision and to consider number of advantages and disadvantages about sending their child to the day care centers.


The advantages of sending a child to a day care center are numerous. The day care centers provide the child a well organized agenda that includes the optimal factors a child needs. For instance day care centers provide nutritional meals on a regular basis, which are very important for the child's routine. Moreover, the meals at the day care centers are varied, healthy and constantly supervised by the local authorities.

In addition, in the day care centers the children are usually divided into small groups according to their age. Therefore in this way they can benefit both close supervision, and the company of other children in the same age. The mothers can feel confident and relaxed to leave their children at the day care centers, since there is constant supervision. Because the groups are small, and there are several nannies in each group there is no reason to worry.

Moreover, it is very important and necessary for a child to be in a social environment which the day care center provides. Many researches have found that putting a child in a social surrounding; of children of his own age, highly contributes to his different developments skills. For instance in order for a child to know how to communicate with his peers, in a verbal communication way and to behave according to the social norms, he must socializes with his age peers.

Furthermore, since children who put to day care centers are usually between the ages of two years old and five years old, it is part of their developmental stages to be exposed to the rest of the children in their age.

Another advantage which facilitates the working mothers, and sometimes it is the first motive women takes in mind is that day care centers are usually ends later than other kindergartens. This important fact helps the mothers to have more time at work or just having more spare time to take care of other duties.



Although the day care centers have many advantages it should be noted that it carry also few disadvantages. For instance, since a day care center involves taking care of many children, the individual child sometimes suffers from a lack of attention. The nannies are not all the time attentive to him, since they are under other requirements such as cleaning, cooking and simply watching over all the children together. Therefore he can feel a bit of a distance.

In addition, since a day care center employs many caregivers, who differ from one another in character, attitude and years of experience, an inappropriate selection of them may harm the children .Therefore mothers should check the staff in addition to the rest of their requirements from the day care centers.



In conclusion, since taking care of a child involves high responsibility. It is very necessary to weigh the advantages and the disadvantages before registrating a child to a day care center. The day care centers may differ from one another in its attitude, nursing staff and other factors. Working women should look closely on the disadvantages and advantages before sending a child to day care center.


.
