One of the biggest problems that Israel is facing these days is the growing crime rate. Research have shown that during the last ten years the crime rate in Israel is actually twice than what it used to be in the nineties . The reasons for this phenomenon are vary.  The most important reasons in my opinion are the media and the punishment system of Israel. The crime rate in Israel remains high and even grows higher if we wouldn’t be aware to the bad affects of the media on our lives and to the ineffective punishments we have for the criminals.


The first reason for the growing crime rate in Israel is the media. The television and the internet are both full of uncensored information and available for everyone. The television for instance shows violent actions and crime programs on a daily base. Children who watch television often may learn that this is the right way to behave. These days it looks like there is no control or any supervision on the children's program's content. In the past, however, the television used to have educational channels in which the children watched suitable programs according to their age. Furthermore, the internet also has an important contribution to the growing crime rate. The accessibility and the availability of the internet expose people to things they have never experienced before and affect their way of thinking to negative thinking.


The second reason is the punishment system in Israel. The law system tends to be very flexible and thoughtful. In Israel we don't have hard rules that scared people out of the crime life. Criminal people know the possibilities of parole and probation and count on these easy punishments when they think of the next crime. I think that heavy punishments will reduce the crime rate in Israel. People will have to face with actually spending time in jail. And as the old say goes 'don’t do the crime if you can't do the time'.


Summing up, the crime rate in Israel is very high these days. Both the media and the easy punishment system have tremendous affects on the growing crime rate. I believe that with a suitable supervision on television programs' content and limitation on the accessibility to the internet for minors as well as strict law system the crime rate will reduce.
