More and more day care centers have been opened for the last 5 years. Day care centers are very important frames both, for children and parents. But, there are parents that prefer to keep their children at home.

There are many advantages of young children going to day care centers. The main advantage is that children who attend day care centers from a very young age tend to develop faster than those who stay at home. Many researchers have shown that while children attend day care centers from young ages they have an early brain development.

Further more, attending day care centers have good influence and it controls the child's manners. The fact that a child is surrounded by other children teaches him/her how to behave in company of others, how to respect them and how to acquire self confidence. (Children also learn that every action they do is significant such as eating and drinking). Day care centers are well organized, caregivers are educated and know what is superior for the children and what is not; they can provide the required tools for the child's development in the proper way.

However, there are many disadvantages for example: when children are in day care centers they don’t get everything they need. A strong connection between a child and a parent is very important. Therefore, sending a child to a day care center can result with lack of love, emotional feelings and warm touch that he/she needs. The costs of day care centers are very expensive and it may cause many financial problems which can lead to other variety of problems. There are people that can't afford them selves paying these costs so they prefer keeping their children at home, and that prevents them from working and developing a career .

Finally, I think that for the sake of the children and for the importance of their development, parents should send their children to a day care center for half a day and in the meantime they can work and develop a career, come back home and at that time, give their children all the attention and love they need .
