Different films, especially crime films have developed over the last 10 years. The admiration of crime movies and series by most of the people is justified. Movies and television show about crime are so popular. Therefore, more and more people enjoy watching them on the screen.

There are lots of reasons why crime films are so popular. The first reason is the crime films' purpose. Those films depicted truth and realistic events, rather than magical, gentle movies. Each film deals with crime reveals in a way the actual cases people exposed to anytime and anywhere; on streets, at work and even at home. People who watch crime actions or series would produce emotions and reactions. People find these movies related both, to their own actions and to their friends' actions. People know that crime films influence, have lots of power and control on each person life.

The second reason why people prefer to see crime films and series related to the way these films are shot. People enjoy seeing different cases and different crime problems. There is lots of variation to crime; Visual images, cold blood murder, political and criminal corruption, use of drugs, rape, kidnapping, stealing, covering up on criminals and even laying to court. Even when the plot deals with important or unimportant issues the audience will see them anyway because they admire these types of movies.

The third reason crime became required related to the needs of each person. Audience who wish to see action and thriller movies desire at the same time to see how each plot deals with the issue she has. On one hand people feel affection for both, the hero and the good characters. They would like them to win, to survive and to be happy. On the other hand the audience feels disgusted by criminals and bad characters and they would like them to receive what they deserved. Therefore, people watch crime films because they know it will end as it should be.

Finally, crime films will remain popular. When crime films or series achieve greatness because it is rooted in the truth although, sometimes it is stereotyped.
