Putting a child into a day care center is a popular option for working and non working mothers. However, Day care centers have both disadvantages and advantages; one should take into consideration when making such an important decision.


A day care is more than providing convenience. When a mother registers her child to a day care center, she is putting the most valuable thing to her, in the hands of complete strangers. When you buy a refrigerator, or a couch you probably go price checking, needless to say, how a child's wellbeing is a million times more valuable. Thus, you should check the day care thoroughly; Ask for recommendations, consult with other mothers, than choose the best day care you can, so you and your child will benefit.


Another factor to be taken into consideration is the child's adaptation skills. Having known just one thing, which is their home, some children just can not deal with being away from their mothers. Like all of us, they are afraid of the unknown. Their mother is something that they have known and loved since the day they were born. She has always provided love and warmth for them, and probably never let them down. If they are still being sent to day care, they might become indifferent and moody; not having friends and the day care experience might become traumatic for them.  Most of the children finally adapt and end up enjoying themselves, yet others can not seem to get past that barrier.


Next, there is another meaningful disadvantage, which is the numeric factor. Usually in day care centers, there are about 3 – 4 kinder garden teachers who are responsible for about 20 kids. On some cases, day cares also have babies, who obviously take a lot of the kindergarten teachers' attention.


Although I have elicited a number of reasons of why not putting your child into a day care center, there are some good reasons why you should.


Firstly, kindergarten teachers are well known for giving the kids a hand full of creative activities to engage in. During which children develop their creativity, and motor skills by drawing, coloring, cutting and pasting etc. The child's mother, even if she is especially creative, do not have the needed time or skills to have the child do all sorts of interesting activities he would have done, had he been registered to a day care center.


More importantly, the child learns to develop social skills. He is learning how to become an integral part of a small community, a part of society. He is surrounded by kids of his own age, with whom he can play with and make friends with. He is no longer sheltered from the environment in his protective home. He is learning an important lesson in sociology, which is how to adapt. As part of developing social skills, the child learns how to develop moral values, such as integrity, responsibility, sharing, respecting others etc. Plus, he is being prepared for Pre School. His day becomes more organized, giving him something to anticipate for.



As I have tried to show here, there are a number of factors to be put in the equation when deciding whether to put a child in a day care center or to keep him at home.

The question should be asked is; what overcomes what? If a parent is more interested in keeping his child safe and protected, covered up with cotton wool in the form of endless love, or should he let the child start his first steps as an individual- mentally and socially.


Every parent has the right to decide what is best for his child. In a perfect world, no child will ever be harmed by his parents' decisions.
