Day care centers, now days, are scattered all over the country, filling the needs of children when attending different environment than their homes. Children can significantly benefit from these day care centers. First of all, in day care centers the children have the opportunity to be in the company of other children at the same age as them, thus they can create friendships and enrich their social life, whereas, at home the opportunity to create social life is limited significantly. The children can only play with their brothers and sisters or their friends from the neighborhood. Second, the parents, that are working a part day or a full day, do not have to worry about the absence of a teacher because there is always available teacher in the day care center. When the child stays at home with his parent or a child giver, there is always the chance that one of them will not be available to take care of him. Than, day care centers can provide a variety of educational activities that are appropriate to the child age, thus when the child arrives the time when he needs to go to school he his more than ready. At home, although the child has the possibility to learn, it is difficult, because his parents can not give him the same time and programs that are available at day care centers.


However, there are number of disadvantages of young children going to day care centers instead of staying home. The cost of day care centers can be very high for some parents, who work hard to pay these expanses. If the child was at home the expanses are significantly less. Another disadvantage is the idea that the child is an individual in a group that has to share the same attention with another 35-40 children. Although there are number of teachers in the day care center, they can not give the same attention to each and every child. As a reason, there are always numbers of children that are getting less attention than others so; their progress is slower, whereas, at home the child gets full attention. Finally, the diseases that a child is exposed to a day care center are varying. The parents that are under a great pressure from their work, not always tend to leave their sick children at home, as a reason, many children come to the centers hill and by that expose the other children to diseases. When the child is at home he is protected from these influences.


To conclude, although there are few disadvantages, the benefit a child can get from day care centers is greater, both for him and his parents. In these modern times, where women are almost at the same position as men, day care centers become a necessity. Women are no longer stay at home and take care of the children as they used to do. Women tend to work a full day thus; they need the possibility of having these facilities. The idea that they put their dearest child in a place that can provide him almost everything he needs, can be very calming and reassuring. Moreover, when the child returns home full of positive energies, smiling and motivated, it is the most pleasant thing for his parents to see. In addition, the child internalizes almost every thing that he learns in the day care center, thus he develops

significantly in every aspect. Indeed, despite the disadvantages, day care centers are more than important. What is left to do is to hope that the day care center we send our child to is the best.
