Crime is an act which violates a law of a government. It is viewed as an offenses against the society it occurs in. Israel is one of the countries which has been facing an increase in the amount of crime acts for the past several years.


The first and most important reason which causes people to commit crimes is their economic situation. For some people crime is a lifestyle but others might find themselves involved with crime acts inexcusably without being able to justify their acts. Unemployed people might face frustration which cause them , gradually , to loose control and commit crime. For instance , we all heard about people who had committed suicide because they were unemployed and faced a lot of financial problems.



The second reason might be seeking for attention. A teenager or a child who is ignored by his parents might find himself involved in crime acts such as theft , drug use, and murder. Roey Horev a 20 year old student murdered an innocent friend of his , Asaf Shtruman   while he was under  the influence of drugs .When he was asked for his motive his answer was " I did it for fun" . His shocked parents' comments for this incident were " we are a good family without any financial problems. We both work hard to finance Roey ". Probably Roey didn't get enough attention from his parents and this thing caused him to commit this crime.

The third reason that can also be counted as one of the factors which leads to crime acts  is psychological problems. A person who has a mental disorder might do things without being able to explain why did he do them or  whether he was aware of his acts. This kind of person might rape young children and still be convinced that it is not a crime.


The last reason but not least is the indifference of the court systems. Judges are not as strict as they used to be in their punishments against criminals. This thing can lead to an increase  in the crime rate because people will be sure that they'll get out of it easily.


Crime is a serious issue that should be taken care of , and specialists should find solutions to prevent it as much as possible.
