In the past most women stayed at home to look after their children but time has changed and today, most couples both, men and women usually work outside the house. This fact raises the use of day cares for children and leaves the parents to face a dilemma, rather or not to send their children to a day care. The feelings of fear of letting someone they do not know to take care of their children, together with the feeling of guilt for leaving their children with a total stranger, away from their familiar environment, do not make it easier on the parents. These feelings are only natural when it comes to our children, so it is very important to consider the positive points and the less positive points which involve this act.


Sending your child to a day care too soon can harm his confident. The child's first year is important for his feeling of trust and stability by making a connection with the parents and knowing that if he needs them, they will come, so separate him from this ground can shake his feeling of trust. On the other hand, independence can increase any child's confidence by making him feel good about the fact that he can accomplish things on his own. Another issue which is important to think about is that when a parent stays at home with his child, the child can get the full focus and attention of his parent and does not have to compete for his time with many other demanding children. However, letting your childe to integrate in a day care with other children, gives him the opportunity to learn more from others, to know how to share, and teaches him open thinking, and tolerance. One more point to consider is when the parents are the center of the child's schedule and he spends all of his time with them it is much easier for them to control the way they want to raise their child, to what situations they wish to expose him and to what situation they do not. Still, when the child gets together with more children it can raise his social skills, create many challenges for him and produce a good base for learning what is good and bad by observing the others.


All together, it is never simple to decide what the best decision for our children is. It depends on the parents as much as on the child and there are many factors which need to be taken to consideration before the action. It is important that the parents who wish to send their children to day cares, to find the most appropriate program which is suitable for their children, where they can grow their abilities the best way they will be capable of.
