There are many causes for the increase of Israel's crime rate. However, I chose to focus on two factors which I found to be the most influential and destructive ones.


The first main cause for Israel's high crime rate is the economic situation that has known some ups and downs during the past few years. Until 1999, the market in Israel was thriving, people did not have any problems on finding jobs, and the future was looking quite promising. However, in 2000, something happened and the economic situation was going into a decrease. Suddenly, people who were being employed for many years, found themselves sitting at home without a job, with a feeling of uselessness for not being able to support their families financially. Young people who had just finished serving the army were sitting at home for months due to the high unemployment rate. All this has caused a lot of frustration for many innocent citizens whom only wish was to earn their money with dignity. Now, even that was brutally taken away from them.


The second main cause for this increasing phenomenon is the rising of technology, which has completely taken control of our lives. Nowadays, everything is being influenced by this thing called technology. You can find in your house, in your neighbor's house, and even when walking in the street. When thinking of the word "technology", the first thing that jumps into my mind is the cell phone which is very commonly used especially in Israel, and some other various devices such as: televisions, cars, stereo systems, computers etc. The use of technology has become so common that people cannot imagine their lives without it. That may cause a lot of damage especially when growing up in this generation, where everything is so industrial. An example for an extreme case of violent behavior due to the increase of technology happened a year ago, when a 15 year old boy committed suicide because his older brother did not let him use the computer. This terrible incident was shocking to everyone and had arisen some harsh reactions among the Israeli citizens.


To conclude, Israel has gone through some serious changes in the past few years due to the poor economic situation and the rising of technology. Some we can try and make a change while the others are, unfortunately are not for us to decide.
