Crime is not an invention of the 21st century. It has started in the days of yore when Kane murdered his brother Abel. That was the first time that a crime was committed. As time went by the world has experienced different types of crimes against groups and/or individuals. Unfortunately, this phenomenon is common all over the world, and we witness crime cases very often. In Israel the situation is not different. We also hear about crime cases which occur in our country, sometimes next to home. Sometimes we and people we know are the subjects of these crime acts. Recently, the crime rate in Israel has got higher for several reasons.

The first reason is television and crime movies. People in Israel, young as well as old, spend 3-4 hours a day watching T.V. Television is full with movies and mini-series dealing with crime. These shows are very popular in Israel. For example, "24" deals with terrorists and the characters are getting killed there every other episode. Another example is "The Sopranos" a show that deals with the Mafia. People who are influenced easily can imitate what the see on T.V. and try it on their friends and family. Experienced criminals often get new ideas from these shows.

The second reason for the high crime rate is the socio-economic situation. As we all know, the economic situation in Israel is in a downfall and has been for several years. The employment rate is very low, and there are some people who are struggling in order to put bread on their table. Sometimes they find the easy way out of this situation and begin to steal for a living, or worse. Some of them, who cannot find a suitable job which fits their qualifications, get bored and start hanging out on the streets and get in touch with drug dealers or other criminals.

The last reason is the political power which often corrupts its owners. Politicians and other influential people in Israel often get dazed by success and power. They enjoy all the power they have in their hands and the fact that many people are controlled by them. Their ambition drives them to do irrational things like taking bribe, and deal with other illegal things, in order to stay in their position or to get higher on the scale.


It is needless to say, but this shocking phenomenon of high crime rate must be lowered if not stopped at once. The three main authorities in Israel should cooperate in order to bring it to an end.
