Crime has become a great phenomenon over the world. Each day we are witnessed actions of crime and it seems as if no remedies can prevent the severe situation. Israel, according to some statistics figures is categorized as one of the most violent countries. There are many reasons for the high crime rate in Israel.

The first reason for high crime rate in Israel is violent programs. The media in Israel has a great influence on the child's behavior. Children are being exposed to televisions programs and movies approximately ten hours a day. Most of the programs are violent and due to that, children think that this is the right behavior and therefore, they act the same way. Superstars, the role models, act violently in movies. They need to save the world by killing the bad guys. Children assume that they need to protect the entire world from the evil. Therefore, they imitate what they see.

The second reason is the bad economic situation in Israel. Nowadays, Israel suffers a serious economic crisis. Families are struggling in order to survive. People lose their jobs. Children are forced to drop out of school because their parents don’t have the means to keep them there. The greatest dangers are in streets. Children stay on the street with no frames and danger lurks.

The third reason for out growing crime is Israel is the legal system. The legal system does not have severe punishments for criminals. Therefore, criminals allowed themselves to do some crimes and knowing that no punish will be that bad. For example, Mordachai Vanunu who was convicted as a spy was released after eighteen years. In another country, in another legal system, he probably would have been condemned to life time or death penalty. The legal system in Israel must chance it concept and to be more strict.

The most important reason for increasing crime is violence at home. The place which supposes to protect children has become a dangerous environment. Parents hit their children and therefore children are exposed to these kinds of actions. They have brought up in such an environment and this is the attitude they introduced outside their home. For example, child who is being abused by his parents would act the same way in school. Children do not have the ability to distinguish between right or wrong, what they have been exposed to at home project on every movement they do.

To conclude, there are many causes to blame this disgraceful situation, but we have come to a certain situation that there is no time for thinking, something must be done and sooner the better. We all must remember that as adults we have the main role and function in shaping the child's character. We must understand that we have a great responsibility over the child's behavior. We have to hope for a better civilization.
