Today women become more and more independent and spend a lot of time developing their career. In the past women did not get a lot of opportunities to develop their career, or even to have a job.  Today women go out to work and even put their career as the first priority. Those women who want to invest in their career need to have some help with their children. In order to get this help they sending their kids to a day care.

Although day cares have many advantages and disadvantages a lot of women want to send their children to a day care. Many women know that keeping their child at home do not have the same effect on the child development. In day cares the kindergarten teachers spend most of the time playing with the children and doing with them educational things. While a child stays at home, most of the time with one of the family members, no one really does educational things with him.

In day cares the child learns how to live with other children, how to interactive with other children, how to play with other kids not like at home when most of the time the child plays alone. When a child stays home alone most of the time one of the family members play with him or that this child play alone. By letting the child to get used to this kind of environment he learns how to live with other people, how to be able to interactive with them at the right way.

Although day cares have a lot of advantages there are some disadvantages that people considered before sending their child to a day care. First of all the amount of kids in day cares is huge most of the time. Each kindergarten teacher takes care of six children the maximum. Most of the day cares take the maximum amount of children that they can, in order to get as much money as they can.






The money that is being paid for day care is really expansive. Most of the women that sending their child to a day care going out to work to bring more money home.  Those women spend most of their salary to pay for a day care, sometimes money that they do not have.

In order to send their kids to a day care, their parents need to consider a lot of things before they send their child to a day care. Despite all that women become more and more careerist, they want to be more independent that they use to be. Sometimes you need to sacrifice things in order to give other things chance, even though it means to send your child to a day care and not to stay at home with him.
