Diets have become a multi million dollars industry. Millions of different people around the world go on various diets constantly.

There is a chocolate diet, a cabbage soup diet, there is one which requires to separate carbohydrates from proteins, one which is based on blood types, different shakes, herbs and pills. Over weight has become one of the most serious cause for illness in the western world and lately has overcome Asia as well.

The reasons for dieting are various. We see those beautiful petit size models and we pray we can look like them. Some of us are really over weight and need to lose a lot of pounds, while some will be satisfied with dropping only 5 pounds. Losing weight is sometimes more than trying to fit the latest fashion statements and feel sexy and young, on some extreme cases being over weight is a matter of life and death. Over weight causes diabetes, high blood pressure, orthopedic problems and more.


Many reasons make it difficult to go on a diet. For example, Lack of will, lack of self discipline, and psychological reasons. People whom are over weight usually suffer from low self esteem, not believing in themselves draws them into a vicious cycle, one can take years to get out from. It is easier to feel sorry for ourselves, than to actually take charge. Some over weight people say they do not succeed in diets, because they do not believe they deserve to be happy. Being fat, serves a defense mechanism form society. If I am fat, no one will bother me. I will not be loved, or get hurt.


Unfortunately most of us do not follow the ancient saying- "don't judge a book by it's cover". We first judge people by their appearance, before opening up to them and getting to know them better. Judging by the way things are, and speaking from my own personal experience, fat people will always suffer one way or another from society's judgmental eye. It does not matter, how smart, talented, or good person you are, if you are fat you are bound to have obstacles in your way.


My personal advice is that we should all love ourselves the way we are. If we go on a diet for the right reasons, it is likely to last longer.
