On May 1, Tali Htuel, an eight months pregnant woman and her four daughters Hila (11), Hadar (9), Hany (7) and two years old Meirav were killed by terrorists. They were on there way to demonstrate against the prime minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon's decision regard to the settlements separation. I was on my way home from the college when I heard over the radio this notice. I was shocked! My body was shivered by this horrible release. Tali and her daughters were assassinated by damned terrorists. They shot Tali's car. As a result, the car stood still. Tali got injured because of their shooting. They came near her car and they saw her bleeding to death and her four children crying. They had no mercy; they shot her once again to make sure that indeed she is dead and then they shot at her children. The terrorists have managed to disappear. Army forces tried to catch them but with no success. Once again we are witnessing   terrorists who commit a crime and are not being punished for what they have done.

Tali was a social worker. She used to take care of families whom lost their beloved. Tali was exposed to the terrorism due to the fact that she helped terrorism victims and due to the fact that she lived in a settlement. She decided to dedicate her life to people who suffer. Journalists reviewed the funeral of Tali, Hila, Hadar, Hany and Meirav. Many tears and shouts flooded the place. The president of Israel, Moshe Kazav wept for the first time on national television. Five cadavers, one by one, a whole family were berried under the ground. The whole nation cried along with David Hatuel, Tali's husband. David talked about his wife in mournful words. He tried to explain the nation the great lost by praising her. He said that she was a good person and all she ever did was for the sake of people. He cried out loud towards her body, begging her to come back. She will not return and neither her four daughters. Tali was eight months pregnant. She expected a son after four girls. She kept it as a secret, she wanted to surprise David, and indeed she gave him a big surprise- to be left alone, to lose a companion for life and five children right in the climax of their happiness.
