I have been asked to talk about "Terrorism". Terrorism is usually being connected to struggles which are political, national, religious and cultural. Terrorism reinvents those struggles because it shatters those which are exist and sets new ones instead. Terrorism is not only about identity, suppression and conquest. Terrorism breaks the knowable boundaries, appeals the morality and existence. Terrorism rips off the peaceful atmosphere while sitting in coffeehouses, at work and even at home. Terrorism undermines the society, destroys families, and smashes symbols of faith and beliefs. It Tears into pieces bodies and buildings, it shocks the respectful boundaries that exist between me and others, between us and others, between the inside and the outside. The terrorism is "blind". It does not mind to hurt, as long as achieving the goal, he has no distinction.  Perhaps it wants to destroy everything with no distinction. I believe that terrorism not only exists at the political field. I believe that there are other kinds of terrorism. There are some other issues of suppression which normally are not being categorized under the term "terrorism". There is terrorism in families, in which father allows himself hits his wife or his children. Rape is also terrorism. It is a clear vandalism of the soul and the body of a person. There is a terrorism of poverty. Homeless suffer and we can't find the solutions and we become helpless. Worse than that, it seems like no one cares for them. As well, there is an ecologic terrorism which vanish any possible limitations. There is no impotency for destroying this earth. Also, there is animals' terrorism. There is no respect for animals. It seems like they have no right to live, as if they are useless. Cults and individuals allow themselves massacre cats and dogs while the legal system stands still. It seems almost as if it is o.k. to take these kinds of actions. There is a whole chaos and it only gets worse. The boundaries are indeed becoming obscured. The scariest thing is that we live in a world which has no dignity and respect to all creatures. It is a shame that instead of respecting each other we constantly harm. When we will become human being instead savage people towards each other?!
