Terrorism effects many countries nowadays and has become a widespread phenomenon. Terrorism appears in many ways and wears different forms; for instance bombing, shooting innocent civilians, kidnapping soldiers, deadly suicide, and booby trapped cars, causing emotional and physical damage Today more than ever the whole world is much more aware of terrorism being everywhere. United States which considers being the most powerful country in the world has proven it's weakness against terror attacks, as happened in the 11/September attack when United States' glorying buildings "The Twins" were fallen apart by the El Qaida terrorism attack which killed thousands of people. Madrid in Spain was also a victim of terror attack when terrorists bombed the subway train and thus killed thousand of innocent people. Moreover in Saudia there was also recently terrorist act when a bobby trapped car was exploded near the government building. Terrorism also exists in Israel and has affected the country severely in different fields

.

First of all the economy got worsen since security' requirements for extended budget from the government has forced the government to make major cut backs on the account of the civilians welfare and education. Israel tourist income was also affected and therefore many biasness places and hotels were closed since their main customers, tourists, have canceled their arrival because of the danger that holds the streets. The high range of poverty has come directly from the effects of terrorism since different social security and elderly pensions have being reduced.


Second, the social and daily lives of the people were hurt as well.

People prefer to stay in their secure homes and to avoid as much as possible crowded places, including pubs, restaurants and even going  on shopping in a mall or in different stores.  The danger of using the local transportation has also changed the people's way of life .They prefer to drive in  their own car and to take the train instead of using local transportation were the risk is much higher.


Terrorist motives are usually the same. They can act out of revenge; they often present a national mission of liberation of the people from the so called conquests. The responsible are divers organizations for instance; Hamass, Jihad, El Qaida, etc. The different organizations usually hurry to take full responsibility upon their action proudly, as part of the terror purposes in order to be presented as powerful against the weak people.

In my opinion since terrorism is global and has affected the whole world, the world's greatest leaders should assemble a meeting which will promote fighting the terror into a first priority and perhaps together the solutions would be found.
