My room is a place where I always feel at home.

At the back of the room there is a wooden double bed between two walls.

On one of the walls there is a big yellow and black sheet with some elephants on it.

In the middle of the other wall above the bed there is a big window.

Next to the window, on the right upper corner there are three golden fairies on the wall and from the left to the window there is a bamboo wind chain hanging from the ceiling. Next to the wind chain, on the left upper corner of the same wall there is a small white air conditioner . Underneath the air conditioner there are two small golden angels on the wall facing each other and on the floor there is a small round glass table with a small lamp on it.

Opposite the bed there is another wall with a big window in the middle. on the left side of the window there are two colorful chains with green, blue and red elephants hanging from them. Next to the chains there is a big mirror with a gold frame and two pictures of my friend stuck to it. Next to this wall there is a big wooden unit with three big doors and two drawers in it. On top of it there is a big brown bottle with a dry rose inside. Right beside it there is a framed picture of me sitting on the beach. In front of the picture there is a metal candle holder with a round white candle in it.

There is a big T.V. in the middle of the unit and on top of it there is a candle stand with purple cones and three small white candles inside them.

On the left to the T.V. there is my jewelry and makeup boxes. ust beside it there are two elephant mini sculptures standing next to each other.

Next to the unit I have my music system sitting on a big wooden box. On top of my music system there is a see through red candle stand. On the other side, at the left corner of the wall there is straw round chair with some clothes on it. Above the chair there is another window, smaller then others and there is a nice see through green curtains decorated with small white flowers.

Next to the window there is another wall that has a big graffiti of THE WALL from Pink Floyd album that covers it all.

The door is right beside it and there are some begs hanging from the handle.

On the left side of the door there is a big wooden clothes cupboard with five big doors and round silver handles on it.

On the left there are three small pictures of women on the wall.

There is a colorful large rug in the center of the floor with fringes on the sides which covers almost all of the floor.

There is a pink paper lamp shade cover with some Indians drawing on it hanging from the ceiling and a wooden owl made of beans that also hanging from the ceiling
