The place I choose to talk about is a small island in Scotland name Tairi.

The first time I visited the island I was so charmed by it that I could not stop taking pictures and I just wanted to see all the places there.

The place looks like a picture or something that you see in the films. It is small and everybody knows everybody. Some of the  houses looked like they were built a few hundred years ago and this whole place just look like it was stopped in time.

The beach is beautiful and the colure of the water is deep blue so it looks very inviting but it is too cold to get in. there are a lot of shells on the beach and you can see the fish men coming back with their fish and whatever they caught.

It was a winter time when I first visited there so it was very cold and very rainy. The sky were very grey and there were a lot of big clouds  and I could smell the mud and the freshens in the air, everything was so green there, but kind of green that I never saw before. The view was overwhelming. There were a lot of caws and sheep and also a different kind of caws that I saw for the first time and they are called island caws. They are hairy and brown and they have horns at the front.

The people were very warm and kind and most of them spoke a very old language called Gallic.

The island had loads of open spaces and the place had a very calm atmosphere.





I feel that it does get a little bit easier to write now then what it use  to.

I didn’t wander off to other places because I didn’t think of this place for a long time and it was very nice to go back there again in my memory.

I think I remember almost everything from that place especially I remember that I couldn’t believe that people live in a place that almost have no connection to the reality I know.

The writing did brought some feelings to the surface because that some very emotional things in my life happened there.

I





The second place I choose to write about is another island but very different from the first one.

The name of the island is Barbados and it is a gorges island in the Caribbean's and I spend two weeks there.

The first thing that I have to write about is the most beautiful beach I had ever seen, it had the most unic colors of green and blue and the sand was so white and so soft that I just laid there most of my time under some huge palm trees drinking from a coconut.

They have a fish market which look like a big street party every day. People dance there and there is laud music and you can smell the grilled fish with the spicy rise they cook and the place is so lively that it is just sweeping you in.

The people looked so happy all the time and it helped you get in to the atmosphere.
