I visited Thailand a year and a half ago. When I landed on Bangkok's airport I got a culture-shock. I was amazed by the people who looked the same. I mean, thousands of people who have the same face, the same look, and even the same height.

When I got out of the airport, I was even more amazed and in shock. Thai people lurked at every corner waiting to photograph me, and sell me the picture afterwards. Little Thai girls put a chain which was made of lotus flowers. It was very hot that same day, but that normal in Thailand. I couldn't stand this kind of heat because of all the humidity. I mean, you go out of the hotel at 9:00 or 10:00 pm and the humidity is there. Bangkok is very smelly. It has all kinds of different smells. Smell of sweat, food which is sold on the streets, and on the markets. You can even smell the soot, which is coming out of the vehicles engine, and which is by the way the reason for the air-pollution in Thailand.

I told my self "how are you going to spend the next month you were planning to spend in here"?. I don't use to these kind of things. I don't have this kind of heat at Israel. Maybe in the mornings but not at 10:00 pm in the evening! I'm not used to go on the streets when people are pushing me. I don’t like the smell of funny food which I'm not familiar with. It made me feel kind of lost. I thought it was a bid mistake me coming there. But as the weeks went by I got used to the funny smells, got used to people. Traveling to other places in Thailand, which were not so smelly and noisy helped me to have a good time and not thinking about so much.

After all it was a vacation, and I liked it very much.


The writing is getting faster and easier.

I didn't wander off. I was pretty focused on Thailand and let the memories blows out of my mind.

The thing that surprised me the most was that the natives who work in the markets spoke Hebrew so fluently even better than us.

Yes it did. I could actually smell the funny smell, and feel the heat while I was writing.


When I was younger, every summer I used to visit my uncle in Zichron-Yakov.

He is the older brother of my mother, and since I don't have grandparents he used to fill that whole for me and my sisters. We were always welcome at his house, and his children adored us. They treated us like their sisters and played with us for hours. They took us to the beach, to the movies, to trips, and we didn't want to come back home. I remember that I felt so scurried there, and also very comfortable as if I am at my own house.
