It wasn't the first time I traveled to New York. The first time I visited New York, I was twelve years old. I always wanted to come back to that city that as a teenager amazed me.


My husband and I traveled to the USA two years ago. I planned our trip ahead and chose to spend three days in New York City .I made reservation at the Hyatt in down tow Manhattan, just near the Grand Central Station. I found the city changed, it became a very clean city, and everywhere you can see policemen's. I am always amazed when I walk the streets of Manhattan, it is so crowded. You can actually see hundreds of heads walking down the streets. Almost everybody wear suits and carry briefcases, while holding a cup of coffee and the newspaper in the other hand.

I enjoy walking down those endless avenues, strolling around and stopping in front of fancy shops. This part of New York; The Island as the resident call it is full of noises.


You can't ear yourself talking on the cellular phone because of the taxis horns'' and the sounds'' of traffic that surrounds you. I remember on the second day, we took a cab to Time Square. When we got out, I felt dazzled by the huge advertising screens, the billboards of the Broadway shows and the amount of people coming and going from all directions.


Most of those people were tourists, taking pictures and looking around amazed like little children in front of the Lion cage in a Zoo.


Every morning we would stop at a Starbuck Coffee shop, and we would seat in the window counter, where we could look at the people and at the city coming to life while drinking a perfect Latte .The smell in a Starbuck Coffee Shop is very particular, it is a mix of fresh brewed coffee and the sweet odor of pastries.


Once, after a long day of shopping, I sent my husband to the hotel and I decided to walk back to the Hotel. Before he left me, we agreed that I would be back in an hour, but I wandered the street for hours. I walked until it was almost dark, looking around, going thru little streets and big Avenues .I remembered my last trip to New York , when I was twelve ,I took my young sister and we walked the street for hours , enjoying every minute. When we got back to the Hotel we found my father hysterical, He worried we got lost or someone attacked us. My sister and I couldn't understand what the problem was, why was he so upset.


I've walked the streets of many cities in the world; Paris, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, but the only place I experience that feeling of freedom is in New York City.
