It'' really hard for me to find something to describe in not obvious way. But I suddenly remembered at my doll. When I was 4 years old, right before my father got killed, he bought me a beautiful doll. After a month he died. This doll is the closest thing that he left me. It'' really hard for me to watch it. I know that it's just a piece of plastic, which attached to her a gold hair, which always brings up a mixed emotions but to me it's much dipper. When I look at it there are always tears and in the mean time a smile is rising on my face. Now it'' inside my closet. I don’t want to take it out. It makes me remember at this dear day, although it's hard it was memorable. When my father got back from his visit of his family in Turkey. It makes me facing the truth: I don'' have a father. It makes me realize that this is one of a few memories that were left for me from a person who created me. I love this doll, I have it for almost 18 years and it'' new, just like I took her out of the box. This doll is my all life. It's the most precious thing that I have ever had. I love her. Her beautiful smile reminds me the sadness that I have felt over the years. And there is nothing in this world that can change this sadness. My dear doll when I come to think of it, I have never named you. You remained nameless. I tried many times to name you, but every time that I did so I felt stupid and I decided that there is no name that fits you. Well, I want to use this moment, and to ask for your forgiveness. I know I ignored you. It seems like I don't care for you. But, I hope that you understand me. It'' hard for me to see you. You remind me of my lost and maybe the only memory that I have from this beautiful man who created me. I feel like I'm blaming you for his death, and I don't understand why. I'm 22 years old, and it may seems stupid to all of you readers, but its not. You all need to see this doll. She is special. It's a clown doll. It has red golden overhaul. Her nose is painted in red. There is a big smile over her face. But her marked trade is her golden smooth long hair. Maybe some day, I will have the guts to see you, to hug you and to stare at you without any problems.
