Since the birth of the internet, and networking a new kind of worker is born. These workers work miles away from the companies'' headquarters. In the past, companies based in non-developed countries provided low quality products for bargain prices. Today, any label or luxurious brands choose to manufacture their products abroad.  Global outsourcing is now expanding to management and technical resources. Since the outsourcing effect keeps on expanding, we should discuss the implications of global outsourcing both in the developed and non-developed countries. Then we should discuss the measures that can be done in order to reduce the impact of globalization.


In thirty years, Europe and the United States have seen a growing rate of unemployment. In 1964, France had an unemployment rate of 1.2%, today it stands at 9.7%.In Germany, the unemployment rate stood at 0.4%, it is now above 5%.The same alarming unemployment rates are seen everywhere in industrialized countries. The cost of the worker in industrialized countries is high. Manufactures and companies are required to pay minimum wage, insurance and taxes. The competition is fierce, because of the diversity and quantities of product on the market. In order to be competitive many companies choose to move their assembly lines abroad where the cost of the worker is cheap. It is estimated that about five hundred million men and women work for less then a $1 a day. The growing demand for mass production has worsened the work environment of these workers. Sweat shops are multiplying in the basements of non-sanitized buildings. The workers are often very young, and they are forced to work for more then 12 hours a day with no space or appropriate lighting. They are not allowed breaks or meals as the Swedish or Italian workers .They do not have Union to fight for their rights like the English workers. They do not strike or rebel against their employer as many do in European countries because it is their right by the law. However, there are foreign manufactures in Asia or Turkey that do keep high standards and offer good working environments. These companies usually provide services for brand names .They are required by contract to supply high quality products and maintain high standards of the working conditions of the employees.


The designer labels and luxurious companies which sold in the past craftsmanship and high quality products have also turned to outsourcing to reduce the cost of manufacturing. As a result, the workers have become qualified. Couture brand names like Channel or Dior are now using imported lace from Turkey and China instead of the renowned "lace of Callet" in France. The words "Made in USA" or "Made in France" have become rare on the labels of products. High Tech products are now manufactured exclusively in Taiwan, Korea or China. European companies, like Phillips have closed the doors of their assembly lines in Europe years ago.


Many companies are now available around the world; they propose a range of services from management to manufacture and technology. What was in the past feared only by the mechanic or the workman is now feared by the manager and the engineer. The idea behind this new trend is that nobody is essential and anybody is expandable. As a result, more highly qualified people are applying for unemployment insurance payments. Unemployment has also resulted in the rise of crime.


Managers, directors and engineers have joined the ranks in the fight against globalization. In the United States, many organizations of laid off workers fight outsourcing by standing in picket lines in front of outsourcing conferences. United States'' Congress has also introduced bills to limit visas that were once introduced when foreign workers were needed, because they are now used by outsourcing companies to bring employees in the US to coordinate work. Incentives and tax breaks are offered to enterprises to encourage the management to hire new employees. The fight against outsourcing and globalization is far from over. Legislators around the world are coming up with new ideas to slow down the process, for instance in Israel import duties on Asian products are higher then import duties of European and American product.


Consumers will always demand to pay less for high quality products. They however need to be reminded that buying products made in Asia encourages the outsourcing and arms the labor force within the country. The governments need to fight globalization by offering more tax breaks and lower the actual cost of the workers. Companies in financial difficulties should be given aid. If all the efforts are coordinated by the industrialized countries, we should see in the future the rate of unemployment in decline, and ultimately the crime rate will follow.
