The media has a great effect on all of us, and especially on children and teenagers. Needless to say, that the media surrounds as in our everyday lives. One can not escape it. Especially when living in Israel.  Israeli citizens are constantly being informed by television, the radio, and of course the internet. All of which have become an integral part of our lives. The situation is the same for children and teenagers.


The media needs to keep its'' audience satisfied whom are the public. As a result, teenagers are being portrayed as young, beautiful, skinny and "cool". Usually teenage icons in children and teen television shows fit that profile. Naturally the youth see them as very influential role models. Looking up to such figures can and is often problematical. It is a known fact, that adolescence is a period of physical and emotional turmoil. Teenagers constantly compare themselves with the television stars image. Consequently many of them will go on diets or become and anorexic and develop different psychological problems such as a low self image, depression, and on some extreme cases teenagers may tend to be suicidal.

However there are some advantages the media has, in relation to effecting youth.

Teenagers can get infinite amount of knowledge and information via the media. They may even acquire a language (such as English or Spanish) through the different television shows. In most cases television programs aimed for youth also try to bring an added value to their viewers. For example, they often encourage reading. The Internet in addition of being the world''s largest source of information for adults as for teenagers and children, can be used to develop their social skills by talking with classmates in chat rooms, meeting a pen pal over seas, etc.


Parents would be wise to try and mediate the media''s harmful effects and emphasis it''s positive ones. By reinforcing the teenagers'' self esteem on the one hand and controlling their internet and television time on the other, that aim may be achieved so all sides will benefit.
