Few months ago there was a bus attack, which in it many people got killed. I heard over the news that there were pictures of this terrible event that got exposed in the government site. I could not believe what I have heard. Out of purely curiosity I opened the site and I could not believe what my eyes were witnessed to, I was astonished by the pictures. There were body parts all over the place, burnt bodies, personal properties which belonged to people. There was no censorship; everything was displayed in such an extreme way. I was shocked by the easy going of the government decision to publish these pictures. There were several discussions on this matter, but as we all know, the noticeable quality of media it’s a "fresh meat", it means that there are priorities towards some matters and it depends on how interesting it will be. So after a while this all argument whether the government had taken the right or wrong decision just vanished as if it never was before. No one stopped for a minute to think what have ever happened to those families who had to watch those terrible pictures of their beloveds. This reporter, who thought to him self what will he gain, probably he just thought of the advantages of this matter, or the profits that he will get out of it.  I can almost be sure to assume that He had never stopped for a minute to think what will be the effects on it.


Quality media is to be able to interesting the public but in the meantime to do it in a professional way and not try to hold in what you don’t have. The media today is making a huge mistake; they do not distinguish between important material and some gossip which definitely don’t have any contribution to the enlightenment of the population. There for, it will be much more wised to use the media which as the majority of the power to effect or change peoples'' knowledge and even more than that, their way of thinking. I don’t care if ever the minister of treasure was unfaithful to his wife, I care for the economic situation nowadays, and I care for knowing how many children suffer poverty and starvation. When the media will start to make something useful and out of concern for the sake of the people, instead for the sake of themselves, maybe then and only maybe the media will be worth something, till then they have a lot more to do.
