The media of Israel plays an important role and has much influence on children especially adolescence.


Our media is mainly combined out of folklore commercials, USA'' type commercials and Spanish soap operas .The media dictates everyday life behavior. Every game which originally came from USA has constantly a demand of children who saw it on T.V and think that having it may contribute their social performance and status among their peers. I believe this effect is a bit exaggerated because children may become obsessive regarding spending all their precious money only to be like their friends and to have the new games. How ever if the "addiction is by their parents I think children can gain more than just a fun game they gain the exposure of a different culture which make them feel updated and modern as other children in the world, they can hear other languages through the use of the game and saying the names and functions out loud which are usually stay the same when the media translate the different movies to Hebrew.





The Media can be a bad influence as well as educational. Recently children and adolescence from Israel have hooked and was very affected from a T.V series which involved imitation of children who rebel their parents and anything that was in their ways .This blind imitation made children from all over Israel imitate those children and their acts involved a violent disrespectful behavior to their parents and to their teachers. In my home town it was so weird and frightening to this phenomenon when I discovered that public park has been destroyed, vandalized and set up by fire, leaving gratify initials that present the "hero" rebellion gang that was responsible of this glorious act. Another incidence was burning bags of children at school. Those children took this series on e step forward and the worried parents complain to the police. In conclusion media can increase one's knowledge and can be very fruitful but there are times that can harm as well there fore it must be supervised and controlled by either parents or  educational institutions..
