The media of the twenty first century has more impact on its'' viewers that at any time in the history of communication. Children and young people are exposed to a wide range of programs for hours every day. Today's parents are extremely busy and can not really monitor each program their children watch at any given moment. Since the average time spent by the young audience is in constant growth, the media should be obligated to filter certain images which might not be suitable for young viewers.


Graphic images of terrorist's bombings are the daily routine of the Israeli media. The children are not spared by the insanity of the endless conflict between Israelis and Palestinians. These young minds witness pictures of shredded buses stained by the blood of innocent victims. The sensational pictures are shown repeatedly, making it difficult to miss. Nudity, sexual acts, and foul language are shown on television with no regard to the age and fragility of the viewer. How can we preserve the na?ve and fragile character of the young children and adolescent if as parents we do our best to spare them from the harsh reality of life and at the same time we can not prevent the flow of violent images and obscenities poured into their minds by the media? The communication industry should be held responsible for content of their programming. They should be accountable for the trauma they are causing to our young viewers. As more violent acts are committed by young adolescents in a brief moment of insanity or despair, we should ask ourselves if the violent and sexual images spreading thru the media are not the cause.


The media should remain a source of information. Our young audience should benefit from it by acquiring knowledge of world events, but at the same time be spared by the sinister and sexual nature of some images. In time, these young people will be equipped psychologically to deal and protect themselves from the violent aspect of life. Until then, let us hope that the media will gain wisdom and take the necessary measures in order to prevent certain pictures from being shown on television.
