Nowadays, I’m a first year student in the English department at Seminar Hakibbutzim College. Plus, I'm divorced and mother of one child.

Since my childhood, I dreamed about being a teacher, and not just any teacher but English teacher. For me it was a dream coming true, so I’m trying to do my best in order to accomplish this hope, this dream, and most important this destination. I never knew that becoming a teacher takes that this much effort; I recently started my second semester, and discovered that it is a really hard process. Apart from the exams, homework, papers and other duties that we are given, I end up getting home and continue my other duties as a mother. This leads me to feel anxious and frustrated sometimes. I don’t mean to complain or anything, but the fact that I finished high school about 5 years ago did have an influence on me. Firstly, I almost forgot all the material that I have been taught in school, so I found it very hard to catch up for my continuous studies. Secondly, the duties that we are getting from our teachers take all our time and effort, which is something I find hard to adjust to. Lastly, I found it very difficult getting used to the environment, meaning that back in high school I was surrounded only with my friends and associates, so naturally I felt belonging, but in here I don’t have that much of companions I feel related to, except for a few. However, that doesn’t stop me from accomplishing my destination, even though it is a very hard process, as I mentioned before. Still I feel that I didn’t miss anything, on the contrary, I even learned a few things I didn’t know before. For instance, how to deal with children, not all children are alike as I thought they are, thusly, the techniques that I had been taught really did benefit me.

In conclusion, in the meantime the focus is on my currant studies, which is at the seminar, and which will take another three years to finish it until I'll have the diploma, therefore I'm not planning anything for the future yet, except of maybe getting married
