I choose this article on music, because I find it interesting to look at people's perspective and how one culture is different then another. I believe and can infer two different aims that Tujunen tried to make; both that music in one culture varies a lot between people and secondly that music should not be so commercialized (although modern technology holds many positive options for new bands).Tujunen stressed his opinion well enough to understand it clearly, and perhaps I would recommend to introduce this topic in a more general aspect of Finland's music culture. I would not leave out personal opinions because I find it important and even crucial when music is involved, but addressing a culture topic one needs to produce a more objective and fact related article. On a more personal level I agreed with the writer that commercialization is ruining music nowadays and that the points he made are strong and convincing , maybe even strong enough to get a few record company workers to leave their job: )…. The article interested me mainly because it was bold and brave in it's statements and opinions, moreover the ideas were clear and well written ( although sentences were a bit too long). I believe that Tujunen "hit the spot" with cultures all around the world – in Israel for instance we have the same commercialized craze pop stars, bu

I choose this article because of it's catchy title, and the fact that I believe it is important to know other cultures. Knowing and not judging seems to be the writers main argument. Mr Baruh states that you can learn from one interaction and infer from it to the next. I believe that this is true to a certain extent. One should learn from each interaction but come with a "clean sheet" to a new interaction, clean from both negative judgment and positive judgment. The writer gave a clear opionion and a very moral and educating messege. I felt that this article lacked examples and facts from life to give it a more bodily and content related feel.

I choose this article because I wanted to see how this subject is taken in a different culture. The author's main point is that Assisted suicide is giving dignity to someone who wants to die in peace. The author used a lot of sources and facts and has written clearly and to the point. She made a lot of points that are very persuading and used facts well. Keeping her article short helped her message to be conveyed to the reader. Emotional language like the first example gave a good starting point to her opinion. I found the article inspiring because it gave a global look on this issue.
