I've decided to choose two introductions and one article.

The first introduction I've chosen was written by my classmate, Iman Agbarieh.

I consider this introduction to be one of the best introductions I've read for several reasons.



First and foremost, this essay is very creative and unique because the author quoted a relevant sentence of Shakespeare to support her argument that it always good to have dreams. The author actually arrived at her goal which is to make me think about the topic in general and my dreams specifically. Not only the author had written a clear essay that I was be able to understand it, but also I was be able actually to read in between the lines.  The pun she used (Me, myself & I) added to the creativeness of the essay.



Second, the author wrote a well organized essay; each paragraph has his own main idea ,and it's well developed. The first paragraph deals with the most general details about the author. The second paragraph deals with the fact the author is a Moslem Arab girl. The last paragraph deals with the author's hobbies and dreams.  The paragraph structure is logical; from the general to the most depth details.


The second essay I definitely  think is fabulous was written by Lilah Alkony, our consuming society. There are few reasons why I really like this article and chose it to be one of the best articles I’ve read so far.

First, the author used rich vocabulary which contains also an analogy she made between the society and disposable products. This article is very unique because of the way the author gave us explanations for her arguments that our society is consuming. By describing her arguments (the feelings we have and the things we see while we shop in the mall), she actually persuaded me to think that way too; The author provided me enough information to think about the topic which makes it be a very interesting, educational essay.

Last,  the second reason for choosing this article was because it is a well organized, clear essay. The first paragraph gives us a short introduction about the topic. The second paragraph’s main idea is shopping in the mall. The last paragraph’s main idea is  growing use of disposable products plus the implication of this phenomenon that is the way people lead their lives and handle their relationships. Each paragraph contains both explanations and examples.

The last essay I’ve chosen was the introduction of Avivit Moshe.

First, this introduction is a well organized because each paragraph has his own main idea; the first paragraph deals with the general details about the author. The second paragraph deals with the process of becoming an open mind, warm, talented person. The last paragraph deals with the author’s hobbies.

Second, this introduction is very clear; I could understood the author’s point of view, I could see what she likes and cares about.

Furthermore, the content was relevant to the purpose of this essay which was to give a short personal introduction. Moreover, this introduction was really interesting; even if it was four pages, I would have read it.
