The first writing I chose to evaluate is think his writing is very good; I appreciate its comprehensiveness as well as its structure. The reason I chose it is because it is a very interesting piece of writing which includes a variety of hobbies and it is written in a somewhat humorous way. The main point the author writes about is his hobbies, he is trying to convey his life style via words in a very intriguing manner. The author doesn't use emotional language very often; despite of the fact he speaks about his own life and cravings.

The writing is well organized and very clear, it is easy to follow and it most certainly makes one identify with the author. This introduction is very inspiring for it made me think about engaging in a few more hobbies even though I'm a student. I used to think I don't have time to combine everything, and the author made me realize that one shouldn't give up what his heart desires. The information in this introduction tells me a little bit about how things are in Finland, for example it is easy to conclude that people appreciate sports and good music. Furthermore now I know that Ice-hockey is popular in Finland, and that Finland doesn't have high mountains, nor does it have an appropriate weather for windsurfing. In Israel we don’t have high mountains either, and I believe that the weather doesn't suit windsurfing most of the time. Most of the Israeli people I know don't practice any kind of sport, nor do they go abroad in order to do so. Ice-hockey is not popular at all in Israel; we only have one ice-skating rink somewhere in the north of Israel, and people usually go there just to skate.

The writing in this essay is very good and clear, the writer, Lilah Alkony, writes error-free with a rich and relevant vocabulary. I chose this article because it is written in a creative way and it contains a lot of original ideas; It revels to the reader an impressive style of language and the knowledge about the topic is interesting. The author uses her own experiences in order to shade a different light on a well-recognized subject. I found the language of the article very formal, and I personally think that using an emotional language would probably be more effective with conveying the writer’s feelings about the topic. The statements made by the writer were both facts and opinions, which helped me relate to them more. The information in the article gives a general view about what happen in the world, and it does include most of the western cultures. Lilah awakened my curiosity about the subjects she didn’t expand about.



When I finished reading the article I had a feeling I want to know more, and I would love to get more information about these topics.



I decided to choose to write my last comment on one of the mini-researches, for I didn’t have to engage in this assignment. I wanted to see what others had to do, and fortunately the first research I’ve read was so interesting and well written that I felt it had to be written on. The choice of the topic was original and raised my expectations about the research. The main point the author tried to get across to the reader is the differences between all the cultures that participated in the course. His research was very profound and I was impressed by the way he chose to do it. The analysis of the result was also impressive and well explained, and the author didn’t vastly determine anything. He conveyed his reasons, explanations, and results in a very clear way. His vocabulary was rich and relevant to the subject, and everything was well organized and error-free.
