I enjoyed very much these few week that I took part in the DiscussIt – International Writing Exchange. It was the first time that I participated in an e-learning environment, so it was a new and exciting experience for me. I enjoyed talking and learning new things about different people from different cultures, and it made me realize just how small our world had become due to the technological developments, it is amazing!

I really enjoyed reading my peers' personal introductions; I learned a great deal from that experience about the different cultures that I came across with while reading the introductions. The articles were also very interesting to read because different people thinks differently, and it is even more so when the people are from different cultures, so we had a great variety of thoughts and believes, and of curse a great variety of writing styles.

During the writing process we had to cause some adjustments in order to make it successful; for example, I had to understand that what is clear and obvious for me,  is not necessarily obvious for my readers from Finland or Korea, so I had to be very clear and specific in my writing because it was extremely important to me to be well understood, and also to attract my abroad peers to read my work.

I think that the most difficult part was the commenting part. We all had to read and respond to other peoples' writing, but while doing that we had to be very polite and extremely careful no to heart other peoples' feeling in the process. Here also we had to be very much aware of the cultural differences, namely, what is not offensive for me could be terribly offensive for someone from a different culture.

The course was exhalent, there was a great variety of different kinds of topics to write about, topics that were pretty easy to relate to. In fact I was surprised by the amount and the variety of writing topics because before I saw the writing topics I thought that I will not have any subject to write a 400 words essay about. Another very important fact that made this course such a success is that the instructions were very clear and simple, and the site was very friendly to the users.

I feel that this course really contribute to improve my English in general, and especially my writing skills. It was a great experience for me, and I enjoyed it very much, it was not only a very educational experience, but also a very fun one, and so I do not have any suggestions to improve this course.
