It was a long flight from New York to Baghdad, and so little Nicole kept on asking her mother, Julia, "mommy are we there yet? Mom when are we lending?" . Nicole''s constant questions actually bothered Julia because she herself was very anxious to get there and meet her husband whom she has not seen for over six months.





It is not long now, they are about to land any minute, and Julia''s heart is biting quite fast, she is very excited. She is starting to imagine how their reunion is going to be, how they are going to feel, and of course all the hugging and the kissing. She is getting more and more anxious, and more and more excited with every second that goes by. Her heart is biting faster and faster now that they are landing, and she feels out of air, she can not help thinking to herself, "am I going to faint? Am I having a heart attack?"





They have finally landed in Baghdad, and were picked up by a big military truck that has been waiting especially for them to take them to the meeting spot. Julia and Nicole got into the truck, and began their long journey from Baghdad to Basra where the meeting spot is. It was a few hours drive until they finally reached the meeting spot in Basra. All the other families were already there waiting for their dear ones to arrive. Julia and Nicole have been waiting for a while now, Julia knew that it might take a while since the squad spent the night out in a dangerous mission, and still have not come back.





After almost three hours of waiting the squad arrived, Julia saw Steve, john''s best friend, "but where is john?" she thought, "I don''t see john". She did not understand but thought that perhaps he had something left to do, or he is just delayed, but he will probably arrive any minute. Another half an hour had past and still no sign from john, Nicole was getting restless, and kept on asking, "where is my dad, where is my dad?"





All of a sudden Steve came towards them. "Hi Julia, how are you?" asked Steve, "how was your trip?" he continue on asking. "I''m fine Steve, how are you? It is good to see you", said Julia. She felt she could not help herself anymore, and so she decided to ask Steve about john. "Steve, where is john, what is taking him so long?", asked Julia. Steve was quiet for a second, and then he said, "Julia I''m sorry I will be right back", and he was gone.


Five minutes later he was back with two Coca Cola cans, "here you go Julia, here you go Nicole", he said. "Thank you john this is very kind of you, but now I really want you to answer my question, I want to know where is john and why he is not here yet", said Julia. "I think you should sit down Julia", said john. "I''m o.k. just like that, thank you", said Julia and her heart began to bit quite fast. "I''m sorry Julia; there is no easy way to tell you…"."Tell my what?" Julia interrupted him is the middle. "What is there that is not easy for you to tell my? I just want to know where john is." John took a deep and long breath, and then he finally said "I''m terribly sorry Julia but john is dead, he is gone, he was killed during the mission last night".





…all through the way back home to New York, while she was sitting in the air plain with her daughter next to her and her husband''s coffin in the back, these words kept on echoing in her head, along with them she kept on thinking "what am I going to do now without my john?"…
