I really like the discuss it forum. The introduction was good. I liked to write about the things I liked and the way I live. It was relatively easy because of the subject which I went along with. Regarding the reading of other students, I like to read and learn about other people’s life in different countries. The feed backs were enriching. The fact that I had to comment on others and others were commenting on my work was good for me I think. I liked to wait to see what others think about what I wrote; this was very interesting in my opinion.


The subjects were interesting and the fact that we had the choice to choose what we want to talk about was good. Sometime it is difficult to write when the topics are narrow down to one or two subjects. Here we had a lot of choice in the subject and really like it.


However, the comment part of the assignment was a bit hard because of its nature. When I wanted to comment on someone else’s writing I was confused. The fact that I’m not a teacher and that I wanted to be polite was hard for me. I had dilemmas regarding if I have to comment how I really feel about the article or if I just needed to encourage the writer to continue to write even though the writing wasn’t very good. This was very hard for me, and I think I’m not the only one who thinks this way. The feeling I got from all this was a discomfort for it was hard to be objective and polite at the same time.


I really enjoy the questionnaire we had to do with students from abroad. This was a really good experience. I learnt a lot about the life of the students in Helsinki, which I thought was very different from ours here. I soon realized that most of the time they work or do homework, exactly as we do here. This was good to get to know someone else too and I enjoyed it very much.


All in all, I liked the discuss it forum and its activities. I would recommend it to my friend because I think it’s an enjoyable way to learn English and meet new people and students from all over the world.
