The t site was the first time I have participated in an international academic site. This method of communication and teaching holds many advantages and the strongest advantage is the curiosity that it provokes in learners ( such as myself). I feel that I have not improved my English through this site, because I was reading and writing  essays that were at my own level of English. Even though the English was not so much of a challenge I did experience an important lesson. This lesson was the importance of communication between different countries. We all think that we know a culture and tend to judge it while the truth is the exact opposite. The topics were appropriate, although I would have made a short introduction for each, explaining what it is or giving a short example, for instance, in assisted suicide ;give a story that creates a dilemma for the reader giving him a drive to comment and a good base for the article. I agree that not each subject can have such an introduction , but it would have made the commenting on our writing more opinionated and less politically correct. This sort of commenting would have added more spice to this site and I feel that a lot more writing. I enjoyed this e-learning environment and it was a good break from frontal lessons. It is a shame that it is only for a few weeks and that it can't be for the whole semester, mainly because it can give us a chance to get to know more people from abroad and continue our worldly experience. I found the instructions clear and comprehensible but I felt that the site was clustered and could have been a bit simplified( for example having the forums in the middle of the front page and each assignment inside the forum to which we have to post it to). I also felt that their were to many pages for this site. This could be because im not such a technological person and find it hard to scroll around pages.

In conclusion, I feel that I enjoyed this assignments and that the articles were interesting and the replays I got helped me to feel more secure with my writing. I would have liked to have a longer e-learning experience in order to enjoy it's full potential.
