When I first knew that we were about to participate in an international writing forum, I wasn’t really fond of the idea. I was a bit afraid and even hostile towards the writing tasks, fearing I won't be able to complete them in the right way, and on time. This always happens to me when I have to deal with an important assignment.

Important- that's what I found the forum to be. In my opinion, the participation in such activities is an absolute must to all English students out there. In addition to the writing, there were other things in store for me in the site. Not only did I practice my writing, but I could also exchange opinions along the way. In addition, the critic within me enjoyed responding to other's article, and I especially liked the feedback I received for my writing. I was proud when people enjoyed my article and some even mentioned it as one of their favorites- which made me feel that I did affect someone; the satisfaction was great. In addition, I was pleased to be given the opportunity to chat with people that were so far away mentally, though not geographically. We talked about each other and the conversation helped clearing some doubts, and creating new ones… it was a good intercultural experience, which I am sure I wouldn’t have the chance to have elsewhere. I think that this kind of interaction helps people develop their interaction skills and interpersonal intelligence. But that's not the point.

Concerning the technical aspect- it took me a while to get used to the site. Although it was well organized, I would prefer a more colorful and "young looking" site. It looks too serious! The topics were good- the variety aloud people to choose subjects they can relate to, not mentioning the fact that we dealt with topics that concerned all of us, worldwide.

In conclusion, I found the writing forum a very positive experience for me, both as a student and a person. No doubt, these kind of online courses are very important to English students, being able to practice their language as well as their general knowledge
