I liked very much this forum. I think it has a great idea in it, communication between students from different countries. However, I have some comments regarding it.



I had a really hard time finding the introduction of the students who responded to mine. I had to search a long time to find them. I think that it would make it easier if I could type the name of the student in a search link and it would take me to all the work this student did.



Regarding the different assignments, I liked them a lot. The introduction was easy. The topic of speaking about myself appeal to me and I think it is great to start with this assignment because it makes us feel comfortable. I enjoyed reading about others and how different their life is from mine. The comments were great on this assignment and that made me want to continue to the next one.



The questionnaire was an enriching experience. The student I spoke to was great and we spoke for an hour and a half without seeing time pass because we enjoyed it so much. I learnt a lot from this experience regarding to way he lives and learnt our way of living and how we study and how much it cost. I enjoyed our conversation and hope to renew it.



The articles were a bit harder. However, I liked the fact that we didn’t have to write on one special subject. The multiple choices we had was amazing because we weren’t narrowed to one boring subject. I find it hard to write about broad subject but I found one that I could relate to and write about. The comments were good though I had a hard time commenting on other subjects. There were some subjects that were highly controversial such as War crime. I commented only to students who wrote about the same subject as mine which was Understanding people from different culture. It was easier because the subject raises the same problems all over the world. I read some of others, but because I didn’t want to be rude or to be controversial regarding issues that were written about, I didn’t comment.



The comments are very difficult to write because of the fact that I didn’t want to hurt someone’s feelings. I think that teachers are more qualified to comment on our writing than students are. From student to student we tend to please and to be nice to each other because we don’t have authority issues.
