Participating in this E-learning project was, on the whole, a pleasurable experience, although it consisted of a few technical and conceptual difficulties, in my view.

This was the place where I first took part in such international activity. I mostly enjoyed the broadness of it, the feeling that my words could potentially be read by dozens of students from total different backgrounds and cultures around the globe. I liked having the access to all of those people’s ideas and points of view regarding so many different topics, and I also liked the fact that I will manage to actually read and be acquainted with only a very small number of writers in the forum. This diversity and broadness keep the sense of boredom as far away as possible.

I liked the topics that were posted by the managers of the forum and even more so the fact that they were open to changes, additions and interpretations on them. In my view it is very important not to draw borders that are too distinct, to encourage creativity.

As for us, the Israeli students, I think that the biggest flaw in this program was that we did not participate it fully. Actually, we only did a few assignments, a couple of which were merely introduction and evaluation (the first and last activities). This left me little experience in writing essays that conveyed my ideas and practiced my writing (basically, there was only one such article assignment for us), and I find it a miss. Moreover, the article that we did write was not thoroughly corrected and edited by the teacher or the manager/s of the forum, so that I received a response saying something like: “you wrote an interesting essay, however it was not written according to certain grammatical / other rules” which I was not demonstrated or briefed about in the forum.

I liked very much the idea of a study buddy, and I think this should be one of the basic requirements in this project. Personally, I did not manage to find such a buddy outside of my class, but I did get in touch with a few people from the site by reading their interesting articles.

To sum things up, I think that the idea of this site is brilliant and that it could be extremely beneficial for students across cultures and levels of English. However, I think that participating in it would be worth so much more for me if I were to “dive” into it and do the same as all the other participants, although I think that the time limits are way too strict for them. It would also be better if there were a closer, more personal professional guidance for each of our assignments. With all that was said, I am happy for having gone through this adventure and getting to know the site and some of its interesting writers.
