I grew up in a new part of an old neighborhood in Holon. When my parents bought our apartment, our building was the only one on the street (that is if one can call heaps of sand a street) and the pictures they kept are proof of that. I was two when we got there and our building was number 3. In the following years a few more buildings emerged slowly, so by the age of five I met my new best friend Naomi who lived in building no. 8.  Between the buildings and in the empty lot that stood waiting to be redeemed, was our playground: we played “hide and seek” on the street, we built camp fires on “Lag Ba-Omer”, and we built “Sukot” on Hag Sukot – sand was our friend.

One afternoon, we came back from school, and as we approached the street that was next to ours, we felt something had changed. The noise we heard from afar was unfamiliar and frightening – it was the noise of heavy equipment. When we entered our street we were amazed at the mountains of sand that piled up in our street and the deep long canal (with no water) that stretched from the beginning till the end of what used to be our flat playground. It looked like a trench with two humongous mountains of sand on both sides, and we had to climb the mountains and cross the trench in order to get to our houses, but we never got to them because all we wanted to do was stay outside and jump from the top of the highest pile to the deepest hole.

Those were happy days if you were a child, and days of anguish for the adults who tried to keep some kind of order while we, the kids of the neighborhood, were busy exploring hills and valleys. Unfortunately, all good things come to an end, and this end was a sad one for us. In a few weeks the work was done, and a new, black and shiny road has been paved at the heart of our street. Soon cars came rushing by, we had to stop our games, and look both ways before crossing to the other side. Our street became a part of the city. The grownups were pleased at the new era, but for us it was the end of the sand era, and life never looked the same.







As I write these lines I remember the sand, I remember how I could see piles of sand from every window of my home. The view was so wide and soothing that my parents used to have their morning coffee at the kitchen window, and my Mom hated the constructor that built the ugly looking gray building in front of her morning window.

We grew up on this street, the traffic did not bother us any more and we had a very good childhood there: however, till this day when I drive near a dune, I always feel this itch at the tips of my toes and a voice calling me to climb up and roll down the mountain of sand.
