My mother used to tell me her story many times when I was a child, and even now when I'm all grown up. You can ask her to tell you this story and she will always repeat the same words in the same tone. The same sentences in the same rhythm. She won't change a single word. I know this story by heart. But I let her tell her story anyway. It's like a therapy for her; I guess she has to tell the story. "Don’t make the same mistakes I did, don't waste your life" my mother always says.


Well, my mother was a shy and quiet girl. She had 6 brothers and five sisters. She was the youngest of all. Being the youngest child in such a big family was not an easy job. She was always the last to wash her face, always the last one to eat her breakfast and always the last one to leave the house. She was in the sixth grade and it was the first day of school. She was so thrilled to go back to school. She loved listening to the teacher saying "Today we'll learn about..." She couldn't wait to hear what she had to say. She was thirsty for knowledge.


The bell rang and my mother ran to class. When she finally got to class breathing heavily and with her big bag on her back the teacher was already standing in the middle of the room smiling at her. It wasn't a nice "welcome" kind of a smile.

"I'm sorry" my mother said "I had to wait until my brother would let me…"

"Well, well, well… look who has decided to join us" the teacher said.

My mother looked for a place to sit. And there it was this empty chair next to a blond girl. "Don't sit here! Black people sit in the back! Teacher I don't want to sit next to her!" the girl said.

"I don't know if you noticed but you are black".  And then he pointed to a lonely chair in the back of the room. And so my mother walked to the back of the room and sat on this lonely chair fighting back her tears.

"I won't give them the pleasure…" she thought to herself.

A teacher's insult is never forgotten. My mother quit going to school since that day. The teacher's voice echoed in her ear. She couldn't bare the shame. She couldn’t even look in her teacher's face. Children can be very cruel. She said she got over it but I don't believe her. She can't hold back her tears every time she speaks of it. This is for all you teachers out there.
