.


I have always remembered the small things, these insignificant details that remain unnoticed to the untrained eye. One of them was Sunday which was always my favourite day of the week. Oh those Sundays - could there be anything better than waking up to a favourite smell- the smell of the sea and the freshness it brings with it? Every breath that’s taken, its course felt tensely and sharply. The sounds of silence in the air that every now and then are interrupted by a Sunday melody of birds. Then, there is another smell, a stronger one, coming from the kitchen- the smell of my granny’s “grenki”. It is a kind of French toast that is the most delicious in the world- my Sunday treat; eating it with honey or a home made strawberry jam makes it even more delicious. The noises I make when drinking my hot burning tea! At First, I let go of the air in my lungs and then sip it loudly in the form of liquid. The whole process involves making funny noises as well. After breakfast I walk outside, to the balcony and attend to a small garden my grandfather planted. I water the roses and the tulips, but my favourite one is the lemon tree. It is rather small, but I wait patiently for the birth of a baby lemon that already peeps out from beneath one of the leaves. Then I take a leaf and press it against the palm of my hand, moving it from one finger to another. This always reminds me of the Aladdin story, when he rubs the lamp and it grants him a wish- my eternal Sunday wish.

It is cleaning day as well. The adults help move all the furniture to the sides of the living room, so the wooden floor would be polished with “mastika”- a kind of a yellowish paste that smells like another one of Sunday smells. The plug is in.”Mastika” is spread like butter on bread waiting for the polishing machine to start its moves, and then it begins- the Sunday ball. I dance on this wide enormously large floor holding on to the polishing machine handle so I won’t fly away and with each step I take the floor becomes shinier and shinier, till I can see my own image reflecting in it. The living room becomes a dance floor, and I become a Cinderella dancing at my Sunday ball.

Sunday is my least favourite day of the week these days; instead of ending a week it begins it. I live in another country, and the smells, sounds and tastes have changed. I guess the ones that are gone will always be remembered so vividly in my memory because they were related to a place far away, to people who are not with me anymore, to certain memories that cannot be duplicated. However, drifting back to these memories from time to time, allows me to experience those warm feelings of pure happiness and uncomplicated simplicity that were once so natural.
