.

At the age of five, my family and I moved to Florida, and every two summers we would visit our family in Israel. I looked forward to the summer when we visited. The summers I spent in Israel were some of the best times I have ever had. I never wanted to return to Florida. When I was about nine years old, I started having this dream that kept repeating. My class and I were at the Amusement Park in Florida, everybody was having fun; some were talking, others went on different kinds of facilities, and I was standing between the ferris wheel and a huge wall. I knew that behind this huge wall was my grandmother's building, which was in Israel, and she was sitting near the window looking outside and smoking a cigarette as usual. I wanted to see her more than anything; I was even willing to go on the ferris wheel, even though I was afraid of heights. And there I was, waiting to reach the top, for only then could I see my grandmother; I wasn't paying any attention to my fear. Finally, I got to the top, looked towards the building, to the window on the second floor, and there she was, smoking her cigarette. I started waving my hands, screaming "Grandma! Grandma! Look! I am over here!", but unfortunately she couldn't see or hear me. I felt terrible; all I wanted was to sit and talk with my grandma, why was that so difficult to do. I got down from the wheel, went to my teacher and told her that I wanted to go to the other side of the wall. She said " No way, you are not allowed, you must stay on this side of the wall". She wasn't willing to even hear what I had to say. I felt like screaming just so that someone would listen, and understand what I wanted, but all I did was cry and cry and cry. And that was how the dream ended. I had this dream very frequently; however, once I moved back to Israel it stopped.

Usually, people have difficulty memorizing their own dreams in great detail and for a long period of time; and it is even more unlikely for a child to remember. However, I did memorize this particular dream and still do. I guess this dream was very special for me. It gave me hope that maybe someday I would return to Israel and be close to my family again. To conclude, I believe that what we dream when we are unconscious is what we really want when we are conscious, but can't get or to afraid to reach out for it.
