In previous decades, the use of violence was justified and even encouraged as an efficient (change word) way of education (of educating children).  The cane shows us the terrible insights (change word) of the oppressive education (wrong part of speech) system in the early 20’s when the infliction of verbal and corporal punishment was still exploited (change word)  for “educational” purposes.  The story is told from the victim’s perspective. An adult who as a child attended a boarding school in England. (JOIN THE TWO SENTENCES, OTHERWISE THE SECOND IS A FRAGMENT).There he experienced and suffered from the cruelty of a sadistic headmaster that (change relative pronoun) left deep scars in his soul. From the very beginning the speaker condemns the headmaster’s violence, and his speech (change word) becomes a sort of protest against the use of violence as a means of education.

The speaker begins his disapproval of the authoritarian and cruel hierarchy (change word) in educational institutions by taking us, the readers, back to his painful reminiscences. “Those were days of horror, of fierce discipline,” he says. Because of the extremely strict and merciless discipline, children were not allowed to be children. Terror ruled their lives, but their biggest fear was of their educators, especially their headmaster. “They weren’t called teachers in those days,” and indeed, those were not teachers but masters (with all the implications (connotations the word has today) of the word). The speaker reproaches his headmaster’s behavior when he says: “in [his] private area only horrible things happened.” Additionally, the vivid narrative of the pain that children had to gone (verb form) through provokes repudiation (repugnance…?) towards the headmaster’s “educating methods”. The speaker’s suffering is intensely portrayed by words, such as: unbelievable, unbearable, excruciating.  This powerful description makes not just the speaker, but also the reader himself to condemn (verb form) such methods.

To conclude, although corporal punishment in education is obsolete in most of modern societies, educators should always keep in mind that the role of a teacher is to nurture the fragile souls of his pupils, and (not to…CREATE A PARALLEL STRUCTURE) also that education is not a matter of fear, but of mutual respect.
