The first questions we must ask ourselves when we hear the word ambitions, is what it really means to be ambitious?  How is that to be ambitious?  Does it good to be ambitious?  Can anyone be ambitious?

During the 20th century people became more and more conscious to the needs in life.  It is obvious that our era today is more complicated than ever before.  The way people think and the things people need is more touchable and grateful than before.  This fact monocle what have been said in the little story about the farm hand father and the schoolteacher mother.

If we go back to the questions, first of all ambitious in my opinion is to have your dreams and your plan to the future.  It is something that you drafted in your mind when you get to know the world better, just like the father in the little story when he meet the mother.  We can infer that there is a different social classes between the mother and the father something that brings the family to troubles.  It could happened in the real life.  Considering to the second question which is about how is that to be ambitious.  I think that is a great it is something that keep your mind working all the time, makes you feel you’re exciting in the world.  That you are a part of something.  It is good to be ambitious it makes you feel that you have been born to do something in this life.

It does not matter who you are, where you from as long as you are a human being, breathe and eat.  You can be ambitious, but what is more important is to know how to do this at the right way.  You have to be smart and aware to every step you are going to make in you life.  Not any ambition is good influencer to our life.  There is ambition that intended to be good.  Sometimes there is person’s ambition that destroyed him.  The most important part is that everyone should not let anyone else makes you feel that you do not deserve what you want.

Anyone should always remember that any resolution you make could not influence just on you but on the other around.  So you must pick up the right and squash dangers ambition.
