A113


Ambition is a word that everyone can translate it in his or her sense.  This different in translating can cause many problems, like this problem that the writer tell about.  Ambition can be a good thing for some people but bad thing for the others.

On the one hand to be ambitious is something that is hard to gain.  First we have to believe in our abilities, economic ability, spiritual ability and last but not least physical ability.  To believe in our abilities maybe will be the most thing that arrive us to the success.  To be the thing that we want to be, like spiritual ability, we have to be ready to every step we will do, and recognise, in your soul that this thing that you will gonna do is the best to me.

We will never forget that there is serious problem, especially in our country “Israel”;  economic problem, we have to check our abilities in this range.  Don’t forget that there is ambitious that also allied to money!  When our physical ability is good so we will get the aim.  This ability will help us to think in the right side also do the right thing.  Our talents of thinking and ability to create and produce something new or original will help us to get our choice!

In my opinion ambition is something we gain with time roll and the most important thing our experiences of life;  good and bad experiences, as we see in the paragraph the son feel bad and no one from his parents know that or felt that, neither his mother nor his father.  The son fell that there is many troubles in his life; parents life, his mother with her ambition and holding with it make her far from her child and even forget him.  The same thing happened to the father.  Every member in the family think in a different ways, their individual belief and their strong desire to be successful by their ambitions get them in a close way with no credit for continue their natural life.

That is colossal danger that we can effected  by our natural life.

On the other hand there is many advantages for being ambitious.  Firstly:  it can prove our status;  person’s legal, social or professional position.

Secondly to improve yourself in the society the thing that you achieve too.  The most important thing that we will know the things that we want in the life we live to arrive at our great achievement!

I am familiar to the fact that there is many people in the world that have many ambitions.  They want to get it, but life can be so cruel and dangers.  However we have to be strong and determine, never give up to our dream.  Step by step with all considers, living with fact, sure not in fantasy with ignoring the world and all around it, we have to live our life naturally with shall that the day that we were and will waiting to will come, and never lost your faith and believe in God.

The way that we hold on the ambition and believe in.  Our knowledge for the thing that we want and it’s matter can lead us to the correct way in the right time.

There is a saying by Neal Armstrong that said:  “One small step for a man, will grant leaps for the mankind”.  We can understand from this saying that we have to work and do all the best.  All what we can do.  To do small step that will be a huge step for the mankind.  I think Neal was right and we have to do step for us firstly and it will return to the mankind too!

To conclude I strongly believe that we have to implement our achievement, our believe too.  To believe in it and hold it.  With considering the difficulties and society situation and knowing the limit for our achievement.  If we will be touching the untouching things we will be heroes by our faith and by our good doing for being our self.
