Today, as we notice there is a lot of societies, and most modern societies consist of different ethnic, that each one of them is different from the another either in a religion or in language, and sometimes can be both of them.  When a different ethnics are united in one society, this thing can bring with him a lot of advantages such as, we get to know people that have a different way of thinking from us, about life and about God.  Secondly, we get to learn about a different kinds of tradition and habit that this ethnic have.  But there is also disadvantages for this kind of society, because sometimes, a different kind of ethnic do not get along with each other about a different issue that might lead to a fight.

Everyone of us have a different way of thinking and a different view of the world and for life, this world have a lot of religion that each one of them bring with it a different belief about how this world have been created, and the prophet that God have send to lead us to the right way.  So when a society have a different ethnic, a different religion, we get to know what the other side believe, we hear their opinion and they get to hear ours about a lot of thing, like God, and life.

Secondly, every religion have her own tradition and her own habit.  In a religion they have this belief that they have 30 days of fasting until evening, and in another religion there is lent, and that in every Sunday have to go to church to pray, and not just we get to know thing that has to do with religion, but also we get to eat and learn a different kind of food, and in a different recipe.  So, as we see, in this case we get to increase our knowledge in a lot of things such as religion things, and even things that belong to food.

One of the most popular disadvantage of this kind of society, is the disagreement that can born between a different ethnic, about a lot of issue, and most of that issue are about the religion, because as we see today, there is a lot of disagreement about where to build a temple or a church, and in which side of the city to build it, and some time the both side cannot agree at the same beliefs that lead to a fight with both side.  So thing do not always work out with a different ethnic.

At the end, societies can be made up of a different ethnic, such as a different religion or a different tradition or even language, and as I discussed at the previous paragraphs this kind of society can have advantages such as knowing more people that have a different way of thinking from us it can be about life or God, and secondly, we get to learn about a lot of tradition or habit that they have.  But also there is disadvantages, there can be born disagreements between this two different ethnic about a lot of issue.  But no matter what are the advantages or the disadvantages, it is better to live in a modern society than live in a society that composed of a single ethnic group, because in this kind of society we do not get to see the world in a different view, we do not get to hear what the else think, and not just that, in that society we do not get to see their tradition or even to be part of it.  So that why I prefer to live in a modern society.
