The Oxford dictionary defines the term “society” as the system in which people live together in organised communities.

This definition, though it sounds very exact, doesn’t explain who are those people, who live together in communities and if they are different from each other in any way.  Today, most modern societies consist of different ethnic, religious and language groups, this variety, in modern societies, has a lot of advantages, on the one hand, as well as disadvantages, on the other hand.  I would like to discuss this issue in my essay.

There are many advantages in society which contents variety of cultures, religions and ethnic groups.

Firstly, in society which all of her members deals with the same problems – economic problems, trouble with educating the junior generation and even personal problems which we have sometimes;  it can only help us if we learn from each other’s ways of dealing with those problems.

Each culture, each ethnic group, has its own way of dealing with problems – in times of trouble one can pray while the other can fast or visit places which he consider to be holy.

If we all had the same way of dealing with our problems we could not have learnt from each other’s other ways and maybe find some adviser, that can help us to, in other culture.

Secondly, it is more interesting living in society in which we can meet different kinds of people.

Living in society in which people are all the same – have the same customs, language, history, belief and even look, can sometimes be very boring.

Although it sounds almost perfect, living in society which contents different ethnic, religious and language groups also have a lot of disadvantages.

To begin with, people tend to discriminate others according to their belonging.  Discrimination can be done to anyone, anytime, and sometimes, the person will not even know that he has been discriminate.

People tend to judge others by the way they look or talk, by their religious or ethnic.

In addition, cultures differences can cause antagonism between its members,.  Sometimes, as a result of the differences belonging each group has its own way of communication with each other, and people who don’t belong to the same group can not always understand how its conventional to behave while they are talking or communicate in any other way with people from other group.  As a result of misunderstandings people from other groups can sometimes get hurt from each other and see the other’s behaviour as disrespect to their way of life.

Furthermore, people who live along with others for many years tend to become alike and therefore they cannot always keep their *.

People from different cultures who have different customs, different way of living as a result of their beliefs tend to watch others people customs and imitate them or adapt themselves new customs that belong to everyone and due to this process lose their *.

To sum up, living in variety society have a lot of advantages and disadvantages.  In my opinion, it is better to live in a society which composed from different ethnic groups;  and if people will learn to be more tolerant to each other, we will all be able to live together, side by side, learn from each other and enjoy the differences instead of try to change them.
