To live in a society composed of different ethnic, religious, and language groups, is an idea which can be wide and spacious in some societies, in one hand while in the other hand it might be unacceptable for other societies.  The coinciding with this mixture of different ethnic groups relate to the citizens, and the extent of their understanding and their open-mindedness to this idea, it’s relate also to the degree of the bigoted the person to his religious or his language.

It’s no secret that this way of life – living in a society composed of different ethnic – as other case in our life has the two sides.

The first problem which this society will face is the competition between the different ethnic.  Every person like his religious and his language and he thinks that his ethnic is the best one so he will take side with this ethnic and will fight to let his ethnic the commandant.  In this society always will be sensitivity and racial discrimination between the different ethnic for example Israel is a country which include different ethnic, Arabs, Jewish, Christian, Thai, Moslems, Ethiopians, Russians…….. always there is wrangle between these ethnics.

Another problem which can found in the mixture society is that the majority will dominate on the minority ethnic and this way the minority ethnic will dissolve in the majority and will lose it’s traditions.

If people can understand that they can easily overcome this problems by understanding the others ethnics and trying to live with him they surely will see the positive side of the mixture society which is bigger more than the negative side.

If we look to the whole world we will see that the societies which consist of different, religious, and language groups are more developed from other societies.  The reason is due to that every ethnic has its own traditional, education, science, knowledge, so if those different ethnic groups has bring together, they will teach each other the things they know and they co-operate to develop their society together.  Another positive thing in bringing different ethnic groups together in one society is to less the wars, what I mean in this point is that it’s known that most of the wars in our world is between two society consist of single ethnic group.

To live in a society composed of single ethnic group with one religion and one language as I mentioned is not very beautiful way of life no doubt that it’s better to live with people who speak like you and who thinks like you, but you need also to know other things to learn other things from other people.

Finally, if the people all over the world, try to intermix with others, if they will be able to abolish the racialism, to live with other ethnic, religious or language or anything else groups understanding each other and giving for each one to keep it’s right and respect it’s language, traditional and religious.  They will succeed to make our world one society consist of different ethnic groups living together happily.  Society which built with co-operate and just in this ways we will spared the peace all over the world.
