Most of modern societies contain citizens from different religions with different languages and ethnics.

They have different habits and different types of living.  Almost nothing in common.  But while living together they influence each other and from very different ways.  People who live in these kinds of societies influence other citizens who have any contact with them by their different cultures.  Places which contain citizens from different cultures or religions is influenced in useful way and non-useful way.

We as citizens who lives in these kind of societies are * to this phenomenon.  We know that living in a same place with people from different cultures is very useful.

People will get on another language rapidly by knowing each other and as we as Arabs who live in Israel know Hebrew.  The can receive many useful habits, get on many types of living, recognise another culture.

For example:  children as we know them are curious, they like to know everything so when they meet another child from another religion they want to know everything about his religion, culture and style of living.

They will adopt everything that he likes from the style of living of that child.  In this way he will become cognisant too of another language in a very easy way just by knowing that child.

Places which consist different cultures are tour places which attract tourists.  Because of having different holy places, different antiquities for different cultures.  This benefit the society from the economical aspect.

Living in these society is such a great thing.  But as everything there are disadvantages for societies which is composed from different ethnics, different religions and language groups.  The majority and the minority in these places have sometimes some quarrels which influence the security of the place.  It influence the policy of that place too.

As we see in many * societies, everything have advantages and disadvantages and as we see living together in a society with different ethnics, religions and languages has advantages and disadvantages too.  Therefore we cannot say that it’s better to live in a society composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language.

On one hand, it’s useful to live in mixed society with different cultures.  On the other hand it has some disadvantages.  Me as a citizen of a society of different religions and languages and cannot live in another society I like where I live.  Moreover I cannot adapt in a society which is composed of single ethnic group with one religion and one language.  I like everything here, and I am happy where I am.

It’s not that I advise you to live in a combined society, but that’s what I prefer.

It’s very enjoying to live in these societies and nothing is perfect.

I prefer to leave the choice to you and because you know what is better for you, and if you can adapt with a society which includes different groups with different cultures, religion and language.

I prefer not to middle, but I advise you to visit these kind of places at least.

They have many beautiful places, different antiquities, and different holy places and kind citizens too.  It’s a pity not to be there visit these places.

Finally I will advise everyone to visit these places, and not to lose any opportunity to visit society with different cultures, different religion and language.
