We can see that there is different societies from different countries around the world, each one consist of ethnic, religious and language groups.

Each person, like to keep her religion to him and for his children and will ever relinquish over him.

Besides, every person keep her language to the same reason.  Specifically, I believe that all of the societies, like to keep their ethnic for the end of the life, although we see now in the late few years there is such a mixed between the languages and between the ethnic.  This indicate that we will maybe have been mixed in some way between societies.

In my opinion, I prefer to keep my religious forever in my life, it has some respect from me to my grandfather and mother, and to keep it for the future to my children.  It seems to me that it is an important thing to keep it the whole of my life.

In addition it is something wonderful to keep our religious and language.  For over thousands of years.

Not to forget that one day we will show to our children how we were living, and how we were keeping our religious for over too much years.

All of this, it is an advantages for living in such society, that has different ethnic and religious.

If we look to the other side of the life, we almost can find, disadvantages of our life.  If we think carefully, we will find that living in such society that consist from different groups of people, has almost problems.  And we feel and see, and conducts problems with some groups of people that maybe we were living together from old years, maybe we met them just in a minute.

Moreover, we saw how there is some groups that destroys another groups, and kill each other for a silly and small things, without to remember that all of us are human beings.

It is right that I am said that we should keep our religious, but for the people that wanted to live with each other without any problem, and without to confront with difficult life.

Seldom, we find that there is an agreement between people, each other from another group, or has another language.  However, it is good to have somewhere different languages, because it is encourage us to study and learn about this languages beside this to learn about religious, and so to keep some knowledge for ourselves, and to continue our life to the best life and to change the world, from better to the best.

And to change our relationships to the best, between the groups that don’t like to encourage another groups.

I think that it would not be better to live in a society that composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language.

Because we will never have different languages to study at it, and to study at the history of it.

And all of us, will have one religious in our life, it can give us uncaring feeling to keep the religious between ourselves.

Because one day we will say that there is too much people to keep the same language, and the same religious, and for what things I will * the life to keep this two things, “this is not important”.

Finally, I wanted to say that, sometimes it good to be, two sides of the for the world, because everyone can to know the stages for his life, and why he has to keep her religious and her language for the future, and how to keep it, and in somewhere to understand the other side, that have not the same language and religious, and to respect them, because this is the true and the right life, and to help and encourage each others, and have some peace in our life and solve the problem between us.  And it is also good to have some different sides in our life, to continue to confront the life.
