The world include many people, many religions and many languages.  In each country you can find one or up to three religions and one language.  I think that the world would be unhappy and bad if we have one language.

In the beginning you think that, it would be a good idea to have a one language, because everyone can talk with each other and you can understand every human and if we had a one religion all the people respected and they don’t have to hurt each other and the racialism will disappear.  Living in a society composed of a single ethnic group that have a beliefs of characteristics and everyone believes in the others that would be great but not for our world all these thing I said is suitable for a fantasy world because our world is better without those things.

You can ask yourself why our world would be better without these thing.  There are many reasons to this question, first we go to school to learn languages and mathematics, imagine the world if we don’t learn languages, what we can do we will have spare time all the day, it’s good to learn about other languages and other religions and of course other ethnics.  It’s bored to have one language you can talk all the time the same world in your life you don’t have to make efforts, and try many times to achieve your success and to talk so much languages and understand so many people.  One religion can make peace among people, but I think that many human in our world will be bored and try to make other religion to themselves, because every human has a different thought and he think that he know all the things, he is the right and the other people don’t have this knowledge.

In the “real” world or in our world every single have his own world he try to make a culture or to make a principles or beliefs to himself.  The life is so bored and rotten.  If you don’t make your own world every human make mistakes and fell in troubles that’s natural for the whole world but the clever who know how to live the second because all the people will die no one have an eternity life.  This fact tells us why there are many cultures and many ethnics, the human do his own culture to make a new world to himself or to make the life more interesting and to have something the deserved to live for.

In the beginnings of the world, the people had one culture and one language, but they make a groups and every single of the group try to make new language and new culture that is so different from other cultures.  The man love to imagine and to make his world beautiful around him.  Now we in the 20th century many cultures changed until now and many peoples changed but in the same time the old religions is still appearing in the modern world and that tells us that the groups from the beginning of the world try to help and save their language and their religion.

In conclusion, I see the world very beautiful without a changing and I try to write the reasons that I think important to mention them, and my advice to every single in the world to make his own world interesting as he can and so every time try to make strange things of course not bad things, and to realise the value of living.
