We shouldn’t be surprised if we visit somewhere for the first time, expecting only particular kind of people are there then we meet a mixed society which includes different people and different language groups, also more than two religions.  To make sure and to make you understand the image of the modern societies, I recommend that you should take a trip to a new country which you wish to visit.  For example, Germany, this European country, I have already visited.  I stayed there about a month.  Every day it was more entertaining than before.  It was because of a daily new meet with different kind of people, from different places of the world.  Some of them are staying there, living their life forever in this place they chose.  Even they left their original society and their original language.  They only try to adjust their life just to be a similar to the majority.

Adjusting to a new lifestyle in a new place with particular type of societies could be inclusive of shifts in language, clothes style.  In other words, imitating a new comer in new place start forgetting and ignoring his origin.  Imitates as well as he can to be just like the majority which he thinks it’s the best to be like.

Reasons for this shifts or new changes from source to another, why the persons decide to leave his society and get in a new one, could be political, historian or a human being choice.  War and occupation obligate a person to emigrate or to be put in a strange unwanted society.  So, in one hand it could be under control to be in a new society.  In the other hand it is the choice of the human being to choose his way of living, people he see are suitable to be around him.  That’s only meditation for the person for a better life to him.

Whatever the is reason for being in a new society.  Often the strange or a newcomer tries to adjust his life to the new society he has been put in.  In this way he simply begins to ignore his original habits, language, traditions even he also forgets his religion.

In the light of what I said, I would like to remind of some advantages and disadvantages of living in such a modern society which consist of different ethnic, religious, and language groups.

First, take a case of an Arabian Moslem person who used to his habits and religion laws.  Then suddenly put in a new place such as European country.  Tradition lifestyle is really different from his, for examples, image of girls with open clothes.  It is wild for his Islamic religion which order the women to cover all her body.  With the days he will adjust to this and will be also able to ignore what Islamic religion is asking him to do.  It’s only an example of how one meet something which is not normal to his mind or to his society also it could be not good to be used to it and then he adjusts to it as normal.

Sometimes it very beneficial to fall in with such things are new.  They may be very good for you to develop your life your work and everything.  When we imitate something we should care that is very helpful and turns back for you good.  Like to imitate another in education, good method of raising babies …. and many more.

I advise every person, who put in a new society, either it was by his choice or under control, just imitate always the things that you realise that they are better for you and don’t forget that you are a deputy for your original society you came from, just to make people take a good impression of you society.  In this way you can keep the your dignity in your life.
