In the old world, different kind of ethnic groups was developed in another places.  Each ethnic group created it’s own religious, language and culture.  All they knew was their own way of living, they have never thought that there are more ways of living.

Nowadays very few ethnic groups left with feeling of being alone in the world.  The global became smaller with the technological developments.  Many people can choose where to live and succeed in living together with different ethnic group in the same place.

Not everywhere people succeed in living peacefully with each other.  In our country – Israel – a country of ingathering of exiles there are some hard times between the two main ethnic group – Moslems Arabs and the Jews.  Unequal religious and different beliefs led the two groups to an unending war about territories that are religiously and strategically important for both sides.  For instance each side want to have possession of the holy city Jerusalem because for the two religions it’s a sacrosanct place.  Each side want to have control of a bigger part of Israel.  When faith is so strong and the religious is primary in priority for both sides, it’s hard to come to entente and it usually brings to a continual war.

Another disadvantage of living in a society that consist of different ethnic group can be for a minority group that might be discriminated or repressed by the others groups.  Moreover it can come to a situation of complete assimilation and deletion of one group till no one left of it.  In Cuba for instance the first settlers were Indians (at least that is how the Spaniards who came to conquer India and got to America, named them).  Five hundred years ago came the white people from the west – the Spaniards, to discover the world, they settled in Cuba, as in many other countries in America.  They decided that the Christian religious rules and didn’t give voice to any other religion.  They brought black slaves from Africa to build the country.  As a result of this, the assimilation began.  Forty years ago when Castro became the ruler there was no longer a place for religion, the only thing the people of Cuba could believe in was the state of Cuba.  Racism was forbidden.  That way of  policy left almost no place for ethnic groups to express themselves.  As for today there are no more pure Indians who lives in Cuba.  Five hundred years and a whole ethnic group was rubbed out.

Although all those many disadvantages, there are also few advantages but they stick out!  Every ethnic group can enrich another with its culture, knowledge and new ideas.  One can’t evolve alone.  We all need new people to bring us new information and notions.  Till the nineties USSR had an “iron curtain” no one could go in or out of the country.  This policy left the country backwards in the years, they had the same education for seventy years.  Seventy years people stood on the same place, lived the same life.  After the “curtain” was removed the whole world got to learn more from them and they could continue developing.

In my opinion it wouldn’t be better to live in a society of a single ethnic group.  I believe that having around us many kinds of ethnic groups give us the choice of how to live our life.  When a society consist different languages and religion we get familiarised with more than our own culture and we become who we are after examining what is the best way of living for us.  By knowing other kinds of cultures we can identify ourselves more clearly.

More than that, we can change for the better by taking customs we like from others and keep on improve ourselves and become stronger.  Nevertheless we should always remember to respect each and every groups around us and to let every person live his own belief.
