In most modern societies around the world we can find more than 1 ethnic group, more than 1 religion and more than 1 language.  2 good examples for those kind of societies are Israel, where you can find at least 3 religions – Jewish Islam and Christianity, 2 languages – Hebrew and Arabic, and 3 ethnic groups – European, which are usually white people, Africans; which are usually black people and Asians.  Another good example is the United States, where you can find a lot of different cultures, religions and languages.  Jewish and Christians are only examples of much more of the religious in the USA and English, Spanish and Chinese are only 3 examples of languages that you can “run into” along the US of many more.  Those different ethnic, religions and language groups is what make the modern societies in the present.  Is it a good thing or a bad thing?  You should be the judge and I’m here to give my point of view about it by giving my opinions about the advantages and disadvantages of living in those kind of societies.  By starting with the advantages, following with the disadvantages and close it with my stand about living in those kind of societies.

Advantages of living in a mixed societies:

1)	Enrich your knowledge about the history of other ethnical and religions:  every ethnic have their history – their battles, their homeland, their advantages, there enables the living in a mix societies give you the opportunity to hear about it.  To try and understand your colleagues.  To try and understand their ethnic and religion better and by that you can enrich your knowledge.

2)	Expand your knowledge of languages.  In our mix societies you can easily “run into” different languages of other ethnic and cultural groups.  What can give you a drive to try and learn other languages for facilitate your communication with other ethnic and cultures groups.

3)	Enrich your knowledge of different ethnic and religion customs which’ll give you the chance to know what are their beliefs, their customs, and maybe, to make it easier for you to get along with them and maybe, even to hook up with them.

4)	Richer food:  every ethnic and religions has their traditional food and drink.  In a society with mixed cultures people can be introduced to a big variety of foods, with enrich their selections

Now there were only 4 advantages of the mix societies that populates by different ethnics, religions and languages but there are much more advantages I believe.

Now after the advantages we got to the disadvantages and here are a few of them.

1)	Religious * - because there are a different religions and beliefs we can easily find, probably, a disagreement between different religion what can provide a lot of tension between the different groups, which can’t be always good to the society.

2)	Communication problems – because in a mix society you can probably find different languages, people that come from a different language groups can have problems with the oral communication between them which might cause a few problems.

3)	Racialism.

Now for concluded – in any mix society you can find advantages and disadvantages, that something he can change, but * can always work on it to change it.

I think that a mix society can be a good thing.  We can learn lot of thing from it.  It can’t be perfect, but I still rather live in a mix society which I can find different ethnics, religious and language groups.

A society composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language has its advantages but I’d rather live in a mix society that has.
