First of all I want to clear up a few points about the role that literature plays in our lives.

Literature doesn’t help us to understand the events in our lives directly, reading for me is the only way that each one of us can build his own personality, and his own culture and dogma.  In my opinion it’s the only way that help us to survive in this life that becoming harder and harder at this times.

So with this culture and knowledge that we get from the literary works we can understand the events in our life.

Sometimes when someone writes a literary work he writes about personal experience that can happen to each one of us, things like that can help us to deal with some important events in our lives through that author experience.  For example:  recently I finished reading a book for a famous author.  He talked about his life when he was a teenager and how much problems he faced and how much he suffered at that time.  He talked almost about everything, about his family, his friends, his girlfriend, his society, he even wrote about the political atmosphere at that time. That book helped me able to understand a very important events that’s happen to me at this time as a teenager, that book name was “The Confusion of Senses”.  I really enjoyed reading that book it makes me believe in myself and in my attitude to go over this season of my life.  It helped me understand their ambitions for a good life for me and my brothers because of their hard life.

It helped me to understand how much studying is important in our lives and to get a diploma that populate you to have a great job.  It helped me to understand whey I feel lonely most of the times?  It’s because I don’t care about my friends and abut the people that love me and want me, it helped to understand that giving love and interest is the only way that we can gain friends and lovers.

Death is the most painful and sad thing that one of us can face, but it’s not the end of the world.  That’s a new thing I learned from that book.  It helped me to understand the death of my best friend in a car accident, and I felt that pain and sorrow in my heart and I cried after two years from that accident.  I cried not because of my friend but because I thought that death is a game I cried because after two years I realised that I lost a great person, that I lost a best friend.

That literary work helped me to understand what’s going on around me in this life, what’s going on with my people and the war between us and the Jewish people.  I believed in peace, and I realised how much the war is destroyer.

That book made me believe that I’m not the only one in this world that facing a lot of problems, it made me believe in myself and my ability to go over everything I face.  It taught me to depend on myself, it really helped me to understand my life.
