“We used to live a very simple, cheerful life” my grandmother said to my father during our lunch “We were so happy, I don’t know what happened to you since you get married”.

Then I didn’t understand what my grandmother means, therefore I looked for my father after the meal, after my grandmother went home, and I asked him about what my grandmother said and what did she mean.

My father was very surprised from my question first he didn’t answer, I felt like he is having a flashback, thinking about so many things happened on the past I walked to him, and I sit very close to him, and I asked him to tell me everything he was thinking about, he smiled and said:

“Oh my little girl, you grew very fast, ……. there is a lot of things that I have to tell you now, we never spoke about my past didn’t we?  I said “No”, he continue “My little girls have to know that her father didn’t born a business man, I used to live much more simple life, I born on a village, a very small village on a place that people used to share everything together, they worked together, eat, sing together, I lived on a very small house I slept on the floor, I used to work on the farm on the big beautiful fields, our life were very simple and cheerful and easy, we almost didn’t know anything except of our simple life …. your mother lived on a big city, there life were different, very different.  They live on a big houses they were very rich, their food, clothes even their way of speaking was different.

Your mother’s father was a big business man, he came to our village, he wanted to make a change, to do some business, so he build a factory on our village then I met your mother, who used to come with her father, she was very beautiful when I saw her he fell in love, and when I found the courage to tell her about my feelings I were very surprised to know that she had the same feelings, that she loves me too, I were the happiest person on earth.

When her father knew about us, he was very surprised, because he wished a better person for his little daughter, more educated person, for his daughter who was a teacher but he loved her very much.  He couldn’t say no, so we get married, and her father made me a partner, he taught me so many things, and I became a very successful business man”.

I said “Wow, this is a great story, but you didn’t answer my question”.

Then he continue:  “when I began to work with your grandfather I were very ecstatic and zestful, I wanted to work very hard, I wanted to prove myself to your grandfather, who did not really like me at first and I became very ambitious, I almost left everything I give up about my wonderful life with my family on the village, and I even always left your mother alone.  I wanted to succeed very much, I wanted to be rich and famous.”

I said:  “I understand what you mean, “ambition” is a good thing, but becoming very ambitious can be very dangerous and that’s what happened to you my father, because of your ambition you forget your life on the village that you born on you never went there for so many years, and even my mother live a very lonely life, I read that on her eyes every day and me, you never came to my school, you never asked me about what is going on with me, or how I feel, you always very busy.”

My father said “I know that my little girl, every word you said is true, but I realised that fact very late, I know that life is much more that working, now I know that the money cannot bring happiness.
