I decided to choose to write about this subject because it’s really interesting, and plays an important role in our life.  “Ambition” is a word which makes everyone breathe deeply when he hear it, in hope that everything will be good.

As human beings God gives us a great grace, which is the oblivion, since our life is full and happy and tragedy events, and if someone faces a problem and stops his/her life on this problem without dreaming about the best, of course, hi/her end will be terrible.  In other words, the human being should be ambitious in order to face the problems in the life strongly, and to forget everything bad in order to go on and survive, that is my personal definition to the word “ambitious”, besides “ambition” gives the people the support to dream about the best and the beautiful.  Absolutely, the life has its negative side and its positive side, so to be ambitious it doesn’t mean that you have to wait until the beautiful flowers bring to you your great dreams and say to you:  “here everything you want, just take it”, rather, it may also bring with her thorns and pains.  So “ambition” has its advantages and its disadvantages.

Firstly, the advantage of “ambition” is to give the person the motives to continue, and that is why we live in a developed country.  Israel, for example, one of the countries which always aspire the power in every field:  strategy, economic …  Therefore without “ambition” we maybe live in a backward country.

However, you have to work hard in order to get what you dream about, it is not enough to say I’m an ambitious person, nothing comes easily.

Moreover, ambition is connected with luck, in my opinion, to achieve your goals in life you have to be lucky besides working hard.  So if the circumstances aren’t for your sake/needs you will not be a successful person as a result your ambitions will vaporise, we can’t go against the flow.

Secondly, the disadvantages of becoming ambitious is, in largely, disappointment, and her the word ambition and pessimism will be equal.  The reasons for being ambitious dangerous may be:-

To be ambitious, but the abilities to achieve or get the dreams, are not sufficient.  So if someone aspires to be a teacher and he is unlettered, and even has not the ability to learn writing and reading.  Of course his tries will be in vain.  As a result it causes him feel disappointed.

Sometimes, someone’s ambition may be at the expense of the others.  For example, the dream of the Palestinians is to own Israel, and this ambition is at the expense of us;  they make bombs in our country in order to control us, and the result is so many victims and dangers which threaten us.  Since their ambition is impossible and will not be achieved never ever.  To sum up, the dangerous of becoming ambitious is not just effect the ambitions himself, rather, the people around him.  That means, ambitious is not confined in people/person, but it also related to groups, countries, congregations, society;  ambition begins with person then family then society then city then country then world … as it were, everyone ambitious and everything ambitious.

Finally, ambition is a beautiful thing, not just to be ambitious, yet, to feel it or to think about it.  I think, as long as you think and aspire to the best for you and for the others you will success, but if you exploit your ability for the worst and to hurt others the curse will down upon you, and that will be just a slap on the wrist.  So if we ignore this fact and dedicate our life to destroy the others in order to be successful, we will regret it one day.  Sow the love and mercy in your heart and you will be the winner and your ambitions will not let you down.
