If we travel around the world, we can find that almost every country is consist of different ethnic, religious, and language groups.  For example in our country, Israel, you may find a hundred of different groups.  Different religions which is some of them you can hardly find in other parts of the world, like Druze and others.  As a one who live in this society, it’s better to live in a society which consist of different ethnic, religious and language groups.

When we are open to other groups, you can learn many new things which you haven’t seen or tried before, and meet different people.  You can earn a lots of  information, therefore you will be able to talk different language the thing that many people aspire to make it.  When you learn and earn new information and languages it’s all strengthening our culture.

Food maybe is one of different cultures you can earn from another societies.  Food is a major thing in our life.  I believe that changing life is changing food also.  It makes you open to other societies, encourages involving with other cultures and makes you a wide opened person.

Therefore, when we go to abroad, it is easy for us to involve with foreign societies.  We are able to do it, therefore, we don’t stuck with what we called “the culture shock”, which I experienced it with myself in Canada, and I found it hard to communicate with the cultures.  The reason for that here, in my country, I didn’t take the advantage of living in society that consist of different people.

On the other hand, it may contents disadvantages.  We can encourage the class struggle.  In the past, for example, in America they brought Negroes to be slaves.  It was a creation of class struggle, even though, today there’s no slaves and there is a class-consciousness.  We can find that class struggle is not completely terminated.

Encourage immigration.  Maybe it has advantages and disadvantages.  Israel for example, encourages immigration.  To absorb more Jewish people.  On the other hand, it makes people to leave the country and immigrate to other countries.  The reason of immigration is that people are not afraid to live in different society because they are already live in different society.

Finally, I succeed to prove that there is more advantages than disadvantages.  The society that want to be modern it has to be absorb different group.  Therefore, it’s better to live in a society that is consist of different ethnic, religious and language groups.
