“KELLER” said:  “The future belongs to those people who believe in the beauty of their dreams”.  Maybe we can define those people as “good ambition people” because our lives cannot continue normally without a dream that we are trying to make it become true.  It is like a hope that we are supporting ourselves with.  When God born human beings he gave each person different shapes, colours, families, talents and abilities, so everybody lives on earth has special things which * him from others.

Our lives is getting more complex so our thoughts, dreams and ambitions is acting the same way.

We cannot ignore the environment we live in and how it rules us with magical views, tastes, sounds, sights and money which can affect the way my father and I and everyone.

My father was born to be a simple farm hand.  Maybe he had thought to continue his life this way but suddenly a charming, beautiful school teacher appeared in his life so his life get another path when they started to plan their new life.  Everything is rolling great they planning and accomplishing most of those simple and promising projects.  Nevertheless I came to share them their lives, budget, home.  It is turned to be more heavy for my mother and especially father who planned something else.  He turned to be ambitious his plans were arriving the college which he intended to continue his education their but how can he now?  His responsibility is getting heavier and heavier!!!  The current circumstances are too hard from making his plans feasible.

Poor “Dad”.  It is a great thing to be an ambitious man who can be a help and supportive to himself firstly, his family, his fatherland, and with no doubt to this world which need a lot of help.

But, psychoanalysts have found and explained in their studies and researches that ambition is related to ability.  Let’s explain that with a diagram.


Diagram


It is not an exact presenting the case but I chose the element of age because I did not mention it before.  So there are so many factors determining the ability scale:  age which consists physical abilities, financial and political conditions and other elements may decorate our abilities then our ambitions.  But the most significant base that relate ambition and ability is making sure that our ambition a little higher than our abilities because it gives us the challenge spirit to improve our status and making a change.

Then we can make something much more hard and etc. until we arrive to the dream and enjoying its beauty.

What about ambition lower than ability?  It is the easy way to the ground there is nothing that we struggle for so we stop attempting our exciting live and moving to the boring repeated days.

I am sorry father to tell you that you were too ambitious that your abilities and your life status were too low from your ambition so you are sinking in a sea of problems.

But is it really easy to discover your abilities and adjust your ambition accordingly.
