We see them every day.  They can be on the political map or it can be just a very successful manager.  They are the ones who are always on top, those who are promoted places, the determined ones those who put all their efforts in one place.  Those who have the eager desire for success or power that is called ambition.

Ambition is just another character quality just like sensitivity.  If so – why is it so important?  In order to answer this question let’s have a look on the world we live in.

In the world we live in today one is being judged by his financial status or his social status.  It is a very hard world.  Where the compassion is on every day basic evil.  In order to achieve everything one must have something of ambition.

I will take myself as an example.  Today I am doing a test in order to successfully get into the English literature course.  With me there are at least 200 pupils doing the exact same test.  The competition is definitely hard.  If I had no ambition what , I would probably go through this test with no devotion and that would automatically make my grade lower.  Instead if I have ambition I would practice before the test do my best at the moment and that automatically makes my chances higher.  The chance for me to achieve my goal is higher.

It is a minor example but it can be used on every other well paying job.  A small step for the man and a big step for humanity.  Sound like a “clich?” but by looking at our past we can see how by being ambitious one has achieved status.  The invention of electricity, the camera and of course the first step on the moon.

Although ambitions take us to higher places, we find the great ambitions to be dangers and uncontrolled.  By being the best all the time by being determined to one goal one can easily loose the important values in life – workaholic is very common these days and it is not just today.  If we take a quick glance at our history we could easily see the “great leaders” of all times very ambitious for instance Napoleon, Stalin, Hitler, they all achieved their goals.  They all had a desire for power but they forgot the important values in life for them the goal was more important than the path which led to it.

In conclusion I believe that ambition like every other quality is important but should be taken in proportion.  That way we always take a step forward in life without forgetting that we are only humans.
