Ambition is the magical stick which can make our life cheerful and green, but sometimes this magical stick may change our life to suffering as well as worry.  Every person can overrule his stormy ambition by wise mind and patient heart.  That person which can’t dominate his ambitions surely he will be a slave to his nasty heart and the result is a bad life.

Each person, must draw his ambitions carefully and rationally.  He have to cling his future’s dreams and to personify them in his heart in order to become his dreams and ambitions an independent part in his hear, and by this way he will struggle to achieve his ambitions because, achieving his dreams mean:  achieving himself, but surely fulfilling ambitions must be in wise way.  If life stand as a preclusive power in front of our ambition, our patient heart ought to be comforter for us, because this difficult life need strong and brave hearts.

Weak hearts can’t resist the life’s obstacles, thus they find themselves unable and , what is more important that the end is tragedy one, may they put an end to their unsuccessful life by suicidal event.

The real guilty to this tragedy is life or in other words the difficult situations.  Every person, especially teenagers, dream to have uncounted money, beautiful car and happy life, but unfortunately life can’t snigger to all people.  We can find in the life, the lucky person as well as sad one.  Also the hale person beside the sick one.  No one can change what the fate wrote to him before he had came to life.  Poor teenagers haven’t enough money for buying cars and beautiful houses which rich people have, thus they try hard to achieve what rich people have.  Their impossible ambitions lead them to rugged road that full of obstacles and dangers.  These teenagers tolerate the dangers and face the difficulties because they believe that behind obstacles there are success and comfortable life.

Ambitious people don’t know the meaning of impossible, they turned to be like the robot which can do all jobs, even if it was difficult or dangerous.  They just thinking about fulfilling dreams not about the way which may help them to achieve their dreams.

If ambitions didn’t conquer the difficulties a surge of disappointment will invade their mind.  They will believe that they are abortive and unsuccessful people, they will turned to be pessimistic as well as gloomy.  In other words they will hate the life which prohibit them from happy and comfortable days, thus they put an end to their life, because they believe that this life is not able for living.

In other side, people who draw their dreams carefully and rationally don’t face the frustration which earn it the unwise people, may they will succeed to achieve their simple ambitions.  Also the life will grant them the happiness, really it is the precious gift.

Ambitions are important things for our life.  It is the real stimulus which enable us to complete the life successfully without any feeling of frustrations or disappointment.
