The modern societies had the different ethnic and this ethnic because of many responsible:  first the word the people is passed from another place and living that.

Second the person kill someone and he run away living in the place no one know him.

Or some people living in this place intended or looking for different living and good living.  This groups in the modern societies have worn language and religious grotesque of the others.

This groups have advantages and disadvantages in the societies.  The advantages in unequivocal for the uncomplimentary the most people for the ethnic the different.  Put the ethnic although wasn’t there at one did helpful.  The ethnic after length of the time change his life for the better and we have research and articles say and explain what is happening.

research all in price and have to say after the research the people oppress  the ethnic from people simple from hate and strong this is people was 65% and the others receive and weak this people 15% and the other people is don’t have any .

Thewas 15 people  modern and 3 people is not and from other ethnic and living together and after length of time  have this research and we have another research.

I can to give the recap of * is the 65% from the ethnic don’t receive and be like the most people in his modern societies and this help to improve the societies.

The disadvantages is the most of people in the societies perhaps have the racialism and this length of time improve and perhaps having like Hitler and all we know what is Hitler do because the racialism.

And the racialism oppress the weak and  his life like the tragedy and * and this is*.

However we have to say the ethnic maybe is .  Put the man opinionated and the strong can to * the others and to be part of the society.  And I think to be the single in the society have composed and respect self can to accept the others and this is the better because the living together is help me to be known things for the others religion language and the things the other people and understand his feeling and his life because we are humans and we have the love and the feelings I don’t think to be guest with my group is ok the human have to know all in price and don’t behave simple think and system idea oppress the others and here we have the important question what we do if we place this ethnic people?

Finally, I have to say the oppressed have short time if you don’t know you human your place is not here your place is with the animals in the forest.  God-fearing we are modern and have the parity and passion we don’t need the lewd we are the good people and liberal and the God create the human to live with the other people without heed the moral to live together is to be morally people and I have in the finish a question which is open to discussion this question is if you live in the * * alone what you which the money or friend or wife and why?
