Human being is a reflection mirror, who effected by his surrounding.  Our actions, and behaviour inspired by the people around us.  The environment is the main element of what is hidden inside us, as ambition for example.

Every single person have his own ambition related to the people whom surrounding him.  Usually young follow their parents, the children simulating them.  Whether their job or habit or having their characteristics, but we should not forget their ambition.

I know a lot of cases when the child starts to like their parent’s job, so when you ask a child, what would you like to be when you will grow up?  If he answered you a doctor, you should conclude that the child’s parents one of them is a doctor.

Ambition is like I mentioned before is related to other wishes and pretension, but it also yours too, because it becomes part of you of what you are.  It’s the goal of your life.  It’s your career, your future, it is the most important decision you are going to make.  So it should be taken seriously.  Without a specific ambition you will get lost, because you will be hopeless and nameless.

Everybody have their own wills and ambition.  But it divided for thirty stages and levels.  It start with satisfaction man, who have a few request and it ends by covetous greedy man, whose application is unlimited and never stops no matter what there will be always more request.

Human attend to be covetous.  If you’ll give him one finger, he will ask for the hand, as well as he would like to have the other hand.

Sometimes our huge ambition hurts the people that we care of.  That’s when we want something so badly we don’t recognise his figure, and if it worth?  So we hurt everyone who stand by just to get the thing that we want without comprehension.

Last but not least

1.	People should be ambitious because it the key for better life and for success.

2.	You are allowed to do whatever you want as long as it’s not hurting anybody.

3.	Our ambition is effected by other, but it still ours because we are going to make it real and true.

4.	We should follow our heart, and let him led us to the way he had chosen.  And if we fall, we will get up immediately to complete our way.
