Literature is a thing that we can understand from it very events and facts from our life.  It help us to know where we are and how to treat with others.

Everyone have different look about the literature.  We can find people that like to read, write but in the other hand there are people that in all the life don’t open any book.

For me I like the literature so much especially the literature of English and Arabic, and I read very books and novels.  But the best story that I read was “Evelyn”.  I like this story so much because it seems really and give us morals.

This story talk about the conflict between black and white people and how the black people were treated.  Moreover white people treat black people like the slaves and because this bearing the black people lose their respect.

This literary work help me to understand very events in our life, to know that all the people are alike, and because all these reasons we have to look to all the people in the same look, not to say this man black, this girl fat because all of us are human and we will have the same end.

The adage that I took to myself from this novel is “don’t judge a book by it’s cover” you have to look to what there are in the book.

I talk about one literary work that from it I learn very important thing.  But in the other side there are many novels that talk about violent and killing, this novels have advantages and disadvantages.  It can learn children to behave with others in violent, but in the other hand learn him to be far from the violent men.

We can understand that literature has advantages more.  Because this we have to read what we can, to read in the car, in the home and in every time.

In addition I do a work in Arabic that talk about the poor family in our life.  I took my work from the books and the Internet and this work help me to learn very things that I was raw in it.

I understand that every person have to be content with what who have.  And we don’t have to cry over spilt milk.

Literature is not just farce and tragedy it also a thing that help us to learn many sides in our life.  When we read tragedy work we learn about one side in our life that can be tragedy like the book that we read.

Very important thing that we don’t have to forget is the poems.  This kind of literature is an are and from it we arrive to the music that our life today depends in the music, if we don’t listen to music we don’t know how to walk, to eat and how to do homework. In the end I want to talk about one literary work that I can say about it that change me and my contradiction.

Two years ago I read a book that talk about a man that was a burglar.  And all the time I were thought that burglars are just bad people that like to have money.  But in this story I find the thief a good man that want to thieve because his ill son not because the money.  I like this man so much because he accept the danger to save his son and to buy medicine to his son.

This literary work learn me that I don’t have to judge about the person, just when we listen to him we can know what he is.  My advice to all the people is to read what they can to like the literature because it is very important thing that help us to understand many aspect and events in our life.  And help us to learn about all the nations in all over the world.
