In my point of view there is no one answer for this topic since it consists of many aspects and situations, it relates in what we focus on in our argument.  This subject contains in the one hand the advantage side and in the other hand the disadvantage side.

We can see the advantages of this situation basically by the openness that made by two or several societies, or cultures when they live together or mixed together and each one take the positive traditions, ethics of the other.  As an evidence for this situation, it is in Israel that considered a pluralistic society that contains a variety of cultures, religions, ethnic groups in it.  Each group mixed by the other, learn from the other many things, for instance the Jews, the Moslems and the Christians, they live together forming one context.  They work together in a big firms, the economic situation of each side relates in the other group.  Moreover if we look at another context, in France, when McDonald’s market began to work universally, this situation improved the economy, essentially this had been the case in Russia when McDonalds market began to work in it, the economic situation had improved, especially the agricultural side, the produce of tomato increased for example.  Another positive effect for pluralism is that they can be advanced and developed technologically and thoughtfully, and not being focusing on one thing, the nation is that this increase the development in many aspects of the life.

In spite of the fact that there are many advantages, there is many disadvantages for this case.  Firstly and basically the competitive situation between these groups like the commercial competition, for instance, when McDonald’s market began to work in France, this considered as an intrusion of foreign culture (American culture) that threatened the French culture and civilisation, in the cultural effect and in the economic effect, meanwhile the Americans regarded as the overwhelming who can crush everything in front of them, who can control the society, the economy, the global power, when the French rejected this situation especially the McDonald’s market and his economic power and universal influence on the world.  The American response was rising the import duty from America.  The nation that American came with that their universal power is a posterior.  Another negative influences for this case that when two nation live together, the one’s culture covers the other’s culture in many aspects like; religion, traditions and customs, but especially the language since language is the fundamental element that contains all of those elements like religion, traditions, norms and customs of the one culture, the nation is that language represent the culture and the civilisation of one society in a summary shape.  Therefore, when ethnic’s language is disappearing or don’t using it, the culture of this ethnic is too disappearing.

I regard that the disadvantages in living in a pluralistic society is more than the advantages, and I see that one nation ought to keep her traditions, language and religion because one person without his culture doesn’t have any value in the world.  But I see that one nation must accept the openness and not to be overwhelming that she is the favoured in the world.  Because this wouldn’t help to be developed and to advance.

Eventually, I think that this topic doesn’t have one answer, it has two aspects, the positive and the negative but I think if we accept the nation to live in a pluralistic society we must be care to keep our language, our traditions, our norms, and our religion because the man without all of those elements doesn’t have any value, he is worthless.
