First, as I think, that the author means by this statement, is that this world we live in and this ways of living our own lives, is just like a stage and people are just a player on it, that, they play their parts, according to the instructions that every player got.  I mean, what parts every person plays in his life, it just depends on his abilities and rights.  In other words, there’s a different kinds of societies in the world, and each society has it’s own traditions and concepts of men and women rights, and what parts can they play.  Every part we play in our lives, is just limited by our social traditions, concepts and human rights.

My society, I think that the society I live in, has a lack of a lot of things, one of the, the women rights.  Unfortunately, in my society, women don’t have the ability to do things as men do, not because of the mental ability of thinking is better for the men.  However, women roles and parts in living life are so limited.

For example, in my society women can’t work abroad, and women hardly study in university, they can’t go out at night, they can’t sleep wherever they want, they can’t dress what others do.  Sometimes, they can’t take their own decisions, briefly, their importance in society, I think, as people see, it’s less than the importance of men.  They lack the priority and freedom, that other women, in other societies do have.  So you can see, that our society, and our traditions and concepts are so primitive, even though there’s some good changes and improvements, but it still so bad to carry on this way of life.

In my opinion, key of success is freedom, I mean that if you want to make a better society, you have to give everyone his own rights, the rights that gives him the freedom to do whatever he wants, surely in a moral and legal way, and say whatever he wants, and I think that this democratic way, will build a healthy and free society.

However, sometimes it’s so hard to take or change this primitive way of thinking in some societies.  I mean, people in my society have taught and took this concepts, and traditions from their fathers, and grandfathers, that women is just for the upbringing of the children, and cooking.  Also, it’s related to the reputation of every family.  You can’t let your sister go alone to other city, no matter what she is going to do, but if you let her go alone, and somebody sees her, it just effects your family reputation, and maybe she will be just the one who brings disgrace for you, that’s why parents sometimes marry their daughters without take care to their opinion.  Therefore, there’s also a lot of problems in such societies, divorce, and wrong child upbringing, and it’s not strange if you hear every day about a woman, that betrays her husband.  Believe me, this problems in a society, and this lack of knowledge, love, and trust in my society, is just because of the lack of freedom and own thinking.

Finally, I just want to say, that I have a dreams.  One of them, and it’s so important for me, to see my society that way I like, a free people, free minds, clean hearts, knowledge, and liberty.

And I have targets, one of my targets, that I hope to achieve, is to help changing this primitive, and wrong way of thinking, that people in my society are taking these traditions and concepts, as it’s right.

However, you can’t blame them, this is what others learned them, and this limits they made.  But wrong limits were made, just to be broken.
