In general the western societies have certain number to experiencing their life.  This mean the number of non-traditional families in their society is very providing and adaptation for some of the families themselves.

In fact the “single parent families” and “same sex families” is get a broader gap between the humanity relationship.  This could also lead to very serious conflicts that under no circumstances we could to get to the good solution and to reach to settlement that’s will be suitable for each one.

Our country I suppose should define and adapting the broader definition for the family, because we live in a smallest universe, although the increasing in the number of the population, but it’s still smallest that from my exceeded expectation.  It goes without saying that our universe specifically the social system is very important to get the strong sources for each society.  It must be the realist definition for the families that define every person who has a wider and a large vision of his life.  It’s astonishing for everyone who has a strong sight for the humanity relationship and for particular forms to communication.  The opportunity for everyone to accommodate the idea to have a family.  I hypothesise it is very occasionally, namely, every person did not expect to be so outstanding and to make a mutual agreement, and mutual benefits.  This could lead to understand all the reasons that every single parent family and same sex families get this solution in their schedule, and in the daily checklist.  Israel although it is a country that holds a western thinking and ideas and providing every new adaptation but in a conversely it is still catching all the nervous and all the well bred.  It sound incredible for me that a number of the youngest people live in very miserable terms with their the warm circle that’s I can define the family.

To accommodate and adapting our country for the broader between the relationship between the people who consist the family.

I believe that the new investment for our country to providing the distances and the spaces between every memory of the family.

The responsibility to have a family leads us to thinking how should we behave each other and how must be the terms that around everyone of us to live really in certain family not also this, but also the ways to achieve a compromise in some ways.

There is once opportunity to have the ideal family in our life and get a parents and we should thinking well and behaving in the right way to get a real family that full of the * and holding a strong sources that the important contain in every family.

The self-fulfilling prophesy enjoy an outstanding reputation for every person who live in the modern society and holding all the wider thinking and every time he looking for the new and the comfortable circumstances for him for instance to adapting and providing the new system in his society for expected all the new inventions that could improve his condition and goes with him easier than before he including the improvement, moreover every person looking for the reasons for the serious problem that going with him and to get the benefit solution that leads him to get the top in every step that he passed in his life.

Neither me, nor our village goes to make and expect that a big family is going to be destroyed.  This means much to my regret to believe that this belongs to this country and behaving in the contrary way, to get a single parent families and same sex families is very difficult for both to the children and the parents, in addition one idea to expect to live without your father or mother is the very serious conflict for the kids themselves or for the parent to live without their children.

Actually the ability to accept the unexpected is really fatal and if worse comes to worse we have to get to the heart of the matter and to start from the scratch, because we live for one  opportunity of our life and we have to get all the golden occasions to improve it well.  To talk somebody round it is absolutely fatal especially when he has a head of stone, since to make him agree with the new invention and to accept all the worse and the best that he will get in his life.

The western society full of the strange behaviour and the rate of the new ideas or thinking that they invented for the world every day so high, but we have not to get all the thinking and the issues that they showing for us, and we have to take the suitable and the comfortable, such as to make a real family that consist, father, mother, children without thinking that we are punishment or be so shy from our family.  I suggest that the family and the lovely memory of it, it’s a real thing that we shall to looking for all the way that we still alive and breathing.  We have to through thick and thin and to expand our field of activity and to work hard to make a great family, without some secrets or uncomfortable elements for each memory, and the mutual benefit solution is to get to come to the mutual agreement, talking, and to start from the scratch and to looking for the reasons and the effects that leads every person to make a great family without disappointment and astonishing terms.

It’s worth for me to be in a big family that love, support me and important thing that they accept me at all.

For inclusion I would like to hope that our country doesn’t reach for this situation that leads us to be unaccepted, and last but not least I would to suggest a solution that could to get more than greater society and to be more than modern and to expect and accept if worse comes to worse besides the specifically terms that we could not control for them at all.

At least I wish that our universe get more than greater and full of the wonderful situation.
