Languages have been spoken since God created the world. It divided to two parts:  written languages and spoken ones.  Surely, each of them has advantages and disadvantages, furthermore, they are different from each other in a lot of fields.  The first scientist who researches language as an independent way of communication is called Ferdinand de Sausser.  In addition to this he distinguishes between written and spoken languages.

Spoken languages have been existing before written ones was discovered.  So, there are differences between them/

Firstly, spoken languages is considered more * than written ones.  For instance, all of people are communicating by spoken language more than communicating by written one.  At the majority of places such as hospitals, universities, homes, streets, people us the spoken language!

The answer is uncomplicated, the spoken language is combines two advantages:  not just facility but also rapidity.  Simplicity to express feeling.  Besides, speed in order to pass information as soon as possible.  Secondly, the tow languages are divergent in how to convey data.  For example, written languages are more refined in using vocabulary.  Namely, when we use “written languages” we attempt to utilise and select high words which can exert an influence on the person who will read what we send.  Also, written languages apply knowledge in grammar in order to form sentences properly as a contrast of spoken languages we can formulate our ideas without hesitation.  In other words, there are variety between two sciences as de-Sassure declare:  “linguistic and popular language” *.  Finally, the two languages:  spoken and written are used together in a numerous locations.  As an example, in colleges there are two conditions to the students who desire to study and they are:  “written exam” such as doing compositions or answering about questions that concerned to the chosen subject.  Moreover, “oral exam” which include an interview with the students in a bid to know the character of the examinees and if he or she is suitable to a certain field.

All in all, there are distinct discrepancies between spoken languages and written ones.  Furthermore, each of them has good outcomes which depend on the situation and the circumstances that people under it.
