How we write and how we speak are different forms of social communication.  What are the principal differences between our written and spoken languages, and what are the advantages of each form?

In the world there is a lot of languages that have differences between written and spoken language.  In each society there is differences between spoken and written language.  For example, in our society, Arabs, how we write is different from how we speak.  We speak slang and we write in the right forms of grammar.

The way we speak and write have a different forms of social communication, because, when we meet someone we know, someone who is a friend of us we speak in a different way, from the way we speak to someone we barely know.  We speak with someone we barely know in a way that we respect him, give him or her to feel respectful and wanted, not to be so hard with him or her, to give him or her the chance to speak, to explain him or herself.

When we write a letter to a friend, we don’t write a lot of words that give a meaning of respect like, dear “some name”, we start the letter immediately, without dear “someone”.  But when we write a letter to someone we don’t know, we start the letter with, Dear Ms or Dear Mrs and in the end of the letter we write, love, sincerely, yours ….

How I think, the principal differences between written a spoken languages are:-

1.	The way we use the grammar.  When we speak we don’t use the right forms of grammar, but when we write we use the right forms.  For example, when we speak in Hebrew, we don’t use the right words like numbers, we know that we use one and two like the word after, but from three and up we don’t use the same form.

2.	The way we communicate with others.  Like I said and wrote before, when we speak with a friend or we write for him or her, is different from the way we speak or write to someone we don’t know, or even barely know.

3.	And another principal difference between written and spoken language is, exams.  When we have oral exams, we don’t mind how we speak, but when we have to write we have to be aware of all the grammar forms.

There is a lot of advantages and disadvantages for these forms that I talked about before, and the advantages are:-

1.	For the first principal difference, like I said the way we use the grammar.  We don’t have to use the write forms always, we can use it when we speak, when we write, but we don’t have to use the right forms when we speak.

2.	For the last principal difference, exams.  When we have oral we speak all the things we know without being afraid, but when we write, maybe we would be afraid of not remembering something and we write all the things we know that maybe we don’t have to write about it.

Like I said there is a lot of principal differences between written a spoken language and for each form there is advantages and disadvantages.  So I wrote about, “How we write and how we speak are different forms of social communication” and how I see that is right, in all the societies.
