I’m writing about spoken and written languages.  These popular communication ways in most the societies all over the world.

First I’ll discuss the differences between the two ways.  If  you want to transmit an information to someone else who is standing between many people you can send to him/her a short written message so you indirectly aimed your message to the one you chose.

Some people find it hard to read a message because they didn’t learn how to write and read, in this situation they mainly depend on spoken language and use it in everywhere.

Spoken language is faster than written one, so we can see that people prefer using spoken language because it’s easy for the most of the people.

For me written language is considered a certain origin of information and maybe I find it more funny than spoken, and I think that there are a lot of people like me, and that causes too a wide diffusion of written language.

Today it’s hard to differentiate between the importance of the spoken and the written languages, why?  Because we live an ambiguity about this subject, you can see that the both of them have in common uses, everyday we watch on TV many events, some of these event are written on the screen and else ones are spoke by a narrator.  The same thing on the Internet network, you can read and watch.

In the last decades we live an incredible development revolution, so you can apply any information operation in through the mobile by reading, watching and sending information by the two forms the written and spoken one.

I think that written language saves the privacy of the sender in contrary of the spoken language because if you used spoken language, some people can listen in to what did you said, and you just don’t know about that, however, people still using it although it’s disadvantages.  There is an advantage of the both forms of the written and the spoken languages show or represent the civilisation which they belong to in front other or strange civilisation, and I think that this adds more importance to these forms.

Written and spoken language used also to express a man/woman feelings to each other.  Some resort to written language and some to the spoken this reverts to the character of the person, because some find writing romantic more than speaking.

Spoken language reflect the real person character which give you the ability to deal with him in the right way, in contrary of written language because it gives you unclear portrait of the person who wrote to you.

Spoken language is simple and easier than written and the proof is that humanity in the old ages resorted to thud a low voices to communicate other, in advanced stage human kind began to draw and write on walls, it says that writing is more complex than talking or speaking.

I think that the written language come in developed period which was more progressed, so written language show the progress of humanity and ease the way to more progress and developments.  I would like to say that spoken and written languages isn’t the top of development, because if one day we have to face off a strange creature maybe we will not get along with him because maybe he use another way to communicate his friends which we don’t have any idea about it.
