Family, what a wonderful word, you can find everything you want and need in this word, you can find love, support, warmth, belonging and you just can’t imagine what would your life be without having your family around.

Sometimes you find yourself sitting in a cold dark room and you’re sinking in a sea of thoughts, and you wonder how life sometimes can be so unfair, so dismal, and you feel so lost and when you think that you just can’t take it any more, you see an unexpected light that life you up and helps you get over it.  That light is your family and I can assure you that this light will be there for you anytime anywhere.

Family to me is more than just a father and a mother, brothers and sister.  Family to me is love, support, sacrifice, solidarity and more.

If you don’t have that then you don’t have a family and to tell you the truth that doesn’t sound good.  To me it makes no difference if you’re part of a single parent family or same sex family.  Who said that they can’t give you what you need?  Who said that family should only be a traditional one.  In fact I’d rather have one parent family that gives me all I need than traditional one that just doesn’t see to care.

I think that the social system in our country shouldn’t make such a big deal out of this issue.  In addition we should bear in mind the fact that not all people can start or make a traditional family so who do we think we are to overrule them.

In my opinion we should be open minded about this and just to learn how to live with it and accept the people just the way they are cause that’s what a grown up would’ve done, and let’s face it we are living in a free country and we can do whatever we want.  I mean nobody can forbid a single mother to have her own child and to raise him.  She has the right to do so.  In that case and my advice is that we should help that single mother to raise her child and not that make things much more difficult than it is.  That way we make sure the child gets all he need whether it was material things or sentimental things.  ‘Cause if the mother is happy, the boy is too.

Single mom or dad is something different, not normal.  We don’t see that phenomenon every day.  We don’t run into a single parent a lot especially in our society.  And there’s a lot of people that would rather lie to themselves and pretend that this phenomenon doesn’t exist.  But I would want them to know that it’s not a solution and that they are only making things worse by denying.

Let’s take the western society for example, and as it was mentioned, they are experiencing a growth in the number of non-traditional families and it’s not bad.  It’s true that the child that was raised in an environment where the father or the mother is missing will likely grow up with a feeling of insufficiency but it won’t affect them in a negative way per contra it will make them willing to give his or her child everything they never had.

In conclusion, people aren’t all the same, everyone have his own personality, with the good things and the bad things and we should accept them as they are.  ‘Cause everyone has the right to be himself and to act naturally and to feel good about himself.  This way we can all live with a view to a peaceful life and a happy ending.
