In our present time, a world language, a common language for international communication is rapidly becoming necessity.  Factually, by language we can express our feeling or our request, either by words or by letters.  Both are ways in which somebody convey his demand.  That is to say, any language is merely a portage or even a transference of the mental and rational thoughts to mutual words.

Originally, the literal part of the language has proceed the speech part.  Seeing that, our conversation is indeed a group of useful sentences which contains another group of words that they are a combination of many different letters.  This fact seems to be irreversible, literal has become the most important part of the speech.  Moreover, it is worthy to look back for the past, where words actually thrive.  For example, the Roman has written their letters on the leaf and through them combined words together.

Nowadays, technology has replaced man in his job.  There is no more need for an employer to go to his work, he can write down by e-mail whatever he would like or even send a facsimile that necessitate him using the literal form of the language.  As a result, everyone can be communicating with even the outside world just by writing and scribe his notes.

On the other hand,  the words which is the speech function recognise as a valuable way for social communication, wherever you go, you can hear someone talking to his friend.  In addition, when you watch television programs or listen to the radio, you can see how language is important for communication.

Now that we are matured enough to the necessity for a one common language, we must take steps to learn more than our tongue language.  I noticed that not all what we write we actually read, but, there are a lot of letters that are writing but do not spelling them.

I think, if we continue in writing more and more it will be more useful for the reason that we should keep the grammatical side of every language else it will not last so long.  The major reason for this, is that today we can find many abbreviations are taken which threaten the original words.  Nevertheless, the graphical way of any language – literal part, is still and all one of the most important influence on official and business language in a scientific world.

Whereas, the phonic method which is the way we articulate the graphic image of a letter, is also an important part of a language for communication.  Seeing that, it is mutual among the majority or even all the people.  In other words, we can find someone who cannot write but, it is impossible and undoubtedly to find one who cannot speak.

In a world, writing and speaking are both an alternative way of spiritual images that help us to communicate with others.  Writing and speaking, also making in revealing all obscure things.  When you write, you can convey your bad or sad temper as well when you speak.  Furthermore, language in it’s role has become one of the most important academic and professional tool.  It considers as undoubtedly the most important mobile in international community to learn.

By the widely use of both the writing and speaking, their advantages are springing out whether in the media world or in the literary one.
