Really we have difference between our written and spoken languages.  But our written language is the more nice and main * language that I wrote and heard.  Its have many grammar and different meanings because it’s the language of God on the ground, and it’s the language which God spoke with his prophets and they get it and tried to conduct it to other people on the earth.  It’s the language of our holy books which contain the paramount our meaning its our language the Arabic language.

The difference between our written and spoken language is not so big but we have differences.  The principle difference are not much but we have some of the difference that detract from the main language and give it negative look because it’s divert it to unimportant language.  The main principal difference are:-

1.	We divert many principle letters in words to other letters then the meaning of this word change in our spoken language.

2.	We have our spoken language many of the dialects and all dialects are change from country to country even in the same state.  But the original language is stayed as it.

3.	Our meaning in some of words in our written language are change when we speak it.

4.	We have changing in our spelling to many written words and when we speak it.

5.	We have many of the vowels and pagination signs in our written language but when we speak most of these are changed or disappear.

6.	In our written language we have a wide assortment of many word meanings that we can resort it to any harangue or composition in many of items while our spoken language isn’t have this beg meaning although it have many of words and dialects.

7.	Because of our difference between our dialects in our language many of us are not understand what we talk the one to the second and we come in many words from another languages to our language while our written language stayed as it start nothing changed on it because of this we have to keep it from any insertion or changing.

This was the difference between our written and spoken language but the advantages of each form are:-

1.	We don’t have to change any letter in any word in our spoken language because we will change all our language and we don’t know.

2.	We must keep our language from any strange words because our language is the origin.

3.	We mustn’t change our spelling to our language because it cause disarray in language and we will not understand each other.

4.	We have got all the meanings of our nice language because its many and its very used between us.

5.	We have talk our written language because it’s the origin and the correct language in all the world.

6.	We have dialects in our language.  Keep it because it will let you understand each other and get what he want from you, but in the same time keep good your written language and learn it to your sons.

7.	Don’t change your word’s meanings and keep it every time in your mind.

8.	Spell your language word on vowels and write in pagination signs because it keep your language from changing.

9.	Speak and write your only language when you sit with your friend who talk your language.

In the end I tell you to keep your language from changing and strange words, speak it and write the teach it to your family and sons because it’s God language on land.
