First of all, I must define what is family because this definition will answer all the questions which are relative to children growth.

“Family” means:

Love, cooperation, morals, equality.

Family is a warm word, that all of us need it.  Family’s foundation is father and mother who bring babies to the world, grow, educate, love their babies.  All of this process decided by God who create Eve our first mother, Adam the first man.  Father and mother called parents.

Parents must grow their children and educate them feed them the morals and education as a food which make us strong and has a good benefit for us.  Single parent families or same sex families are in my opinion not a real family.

Let’s talk first of all about same sex families which prefer the desire and the abnormal behaviour and forget that this experience of a growth to children may destroy certainly will destroy their children because there is no family foundation and they in this way will change God desire by not accepting to have traditional families as we always accept.

The customs and morals avoid those abnormal phenomenon as same sex families and single parent families.

Phenomenon are spread to all over the world and the reason for it is the abnormal time we live, there is technology, Internet, strong sciences and new discoveries.  Now the children grow without parents, books and advice.

The only know Internet, chat room, television, even they have school computers.

And another good reasons is the dissolute free thinkers, the ignorance to morals and the religions that ask us to be a good people.

In the western societies have a serious struggle to make those abnormal phenomena be normal and acceptable, they express their opinions bravely, they have clubs and rights, they respect the human rights and they want to be respected.

“Single parent families” have special problems but not so bad as “same sex families”.  They live alone without even a partner to help them to grow their children, they think and decided to live alone and do not married but to have a children, yes.  The problems that may face them it’s up to their society, if they free thinkers or not but the sure and certain problem will be with their children that will face in their society, school, friends.

Surely they will ask why I don’t have mother or father even grandfather as their friends, they will feel themselves abnormal, loneliness and exception to a rule.  All of these destroy the personality.  I think our social system is relative to the government system and regime which his bases are democracy rules.

Israel has many many different societies but all of them are normal although this country let the citizen do what they want and respect their desires.  The definition to the term “family” in our country is relative to our society.  Our society has special style in his own.

Israel is the freedom country as Europe and United States even better.

The society is respected by the government and heard their opinions. and term family is perfect for us.

“Single parent families” and “same sex families” are existed in Israel.  And Israeli society define family by love existing and cooperation.

There are families which have sons and daughters and who’s in eighteen is allowed to go out and discover the world they encourage their children to live in freedom society, discovery world.

Families in Israel have dissolute and freethinking but at the same time they respect themselves and others.

I think that our social system like the Western societies.

In Israel they love the life and respect their desires, for that think, family it’s really broad different definition here, and all of them are acceptable because there is something that’s called human rights.

Single parent families, same sex families two parent families are here.  All of them are families which base in love and free desires and requires because the people have different requirements and desire then all of them want family because there is no one who can live without warm love.
