That’s right, “All the world is a stage and all the men and women are merely players”.  But these players may be successful and may be failure players.  Every one of them has to play his part as much better she/he can, and give this part what it really deserves.

Sometimes the winds of destiny moors our ships of life in the long journey to the far horizon where sky of mystery falls on the ground of reality.

This mystery may be the happy life, and may be the sad life, it may be anything we face in our journey.  And I think this depends on what we believe in, depends on our faith of God and ourselves.

We shouldn’t submit to the will of destiny, although it sometimes tries to break us.  We have to complete our life to the last breath.

The human being have to write their story that they want to act on the stage of life.  Everyone has a role in his life, a message that he or she have to get it at every new generation.

Like the mother, I think that she has the most difficult role in life, this role stops at the limit of the mother’s ability to educate her children, because they are the generations that the world expect them to make him better, and I called them the effectual generations, who are going to redress the balance in the world’s power.

In my society the mother is a great word and a great person, she is the eternal shelter of our hearts and lives, she teaches her children how to behave and how to be successful.  She helps us with all her power to be effective workers in the society.  She give them the most important thing, that we cannot find in every place, the love, the peaceful rights, the delicious food.  The word “mom”, everything make us calm and happy.

And sure we shouldn’t forget the father’s role.  He works all day to get the money for his family, he is the originator of his family and the main actor on that stage, he can give his children everything, love, money, food, clothes, teaching, trips, he cares for them very much.

The magical touch of the mother and the father is so important to build the better family, and if they are together, they will pass all the difficulties on their way up to the sky of beautiful life and sweet dreams.

Sometimes I am asking myself is the role of the teachers is just to teach subjects like mathematic or biology or anything else.  I think the answer is “no”.  The roles of the teachers are bigger than this, they have a serious message that they have to pass it to all the pupils, when I was in school the teachers always say:  you are the mothers and the fathers of the future.  From this I got that they care for us and they want us to be the example of the good factor.  In my society they do not just teach lessons, they educate us everything, and the most thing is morals.  How can we build our personality by the morals, how should we behave with the other people around us, they were talking all the time about the friendship and the respect between us and the others.

We see that every worker and every player on the stage of life is carrying an important message that he is responsible for it in front of God, and he will ask him what did you did in your life, and do you really deserve to carry that message.

About the exits and the entrances of every man and woman, this depends on his or her faith and the feeling of responsibility of the message they have carried, for me I believe that when the going gets hard, the hard gets going but when they all give you up, when all doors are closed and no one can help, God never let you down, never let you part.

In the end we should love and respect and work with all the power that we have to live with the others.

We don’t love people as much for the good they have done us as for the good we have done them (Leo Tolstoy)
