When we read or her a biography of someone, regardless if this person is famous or regular one, we all may feel like we are reading or hearing a play or a script of film.

As a child begets it means that this special play has started, and it continues till the day he dies.  From my perspective, I think that the real life is the biggest Amy or Oscar awards, cause all the plays and films we pay money to watch, basically are our own lives, or the neighbours, relatives, friends lives.  Moreover, I think that God is the author and the director of all humanity life, who determines each person role play in the greatest play which called “life”.  So I think that the only Oscar award must go to God hands to appreciate his magnificent work.

In addition, it is really astonishing how people, men and women in real life, can play in numerous roles in professional way without learning the basics of play.

In my neighbourhood, there are an alcoholic who hits his wife, middle-aged woman who suffers from cancer, a teenager who has problems in school cause she is fat, in short, all this situations if you agree with me, have been played for years in different film by different actors.  These are just some topics from real life which there are so many films that have the same topic.

The good thing in plays and films is that they discuss issues that most people afraid of or afraid to talk about it, so this is an advantage in plays, but, we all must admit that the only play in life is the life itself, and whatever we will do in try to figure it out or to imitate it, there will be always many things that we will never be able to understand, cause life is dominated by God, who has decided each person life and role, in what we call fate and destiny which is in fact our instrument to make the humanity play thrive and last till the end of this play in judgement day when life will be end and this play too.

No one has ever thought that when his mother give him birth it means that he became an actor, or that his parents and grandparents are already actors, and when he will die he will die as an actor no more, without knowing that.
