When we want to write about the principal differences between our written and spoken languages, we have to clarify the importance of speaking and writing.

Speaking and writing come to understand each other in the way we like.

In my view our societies form from different kind of people or classes.  Because that, or as a result, we different people in the same country speak different languages.

Our world divided to continents, each one contains different countries, each country contains different people.  The real people and the immigrants who come from different countries.  So we find the country mixed in different nationalities.

It obvious to us the difference come from the mixed nationalities.

Now, let me start to talk about the principal differences between the written and spoken languages in our societies.  In Israel for example, find people who speak Hebrew, people who speak Arabic, people who speak English, people who speak Russian language.  These mixed languages come from the mixed nationalities.

So we find inside Israel the social communication are very different.  Because we find people who speak Arabic and Hebrew but couldn’t speak English, so we find the communication express tool different even at home, like radio, TV, books, computer, Internet and sometimes we find the same but can’t express in speaking so, they going to express in writing.

People write in language which not their homeland language or people who want to write to the people who not fluent in the language which who like be helped in easy world be understanding.

I think the principal differences between written and spoken languages come from:

First, the different nationalities, take a big part in the principal differences, this principal give the people freedom and equality.

Second, the world ascendancy, these give each other to understand each other in writing and speaking in different ways.

Third, the development technology in the developing world this come to give us a chance to be more educated.

Last, the acquaintance this give us and the people a motivation to know more about the languages in the world, to deal best with the people.

Each one want to deal with a comfortable language and express his views in the way who like.
