“We are living in a very huge world, that is full of many different people”, each one has his own problems and even his own life.

I think the author means by this statement as I said before that the life is stuffed of variety people that each one have his own life, and he act according to his way of life, life condition, life style …  The world in my opinion is like a stage, and the people are the actors, and there life is the story.  Despite this, every individual, or native have his own special role in the life.  Also doesn’t matter if he is a man, or a woman, both have their responsibilities, solicitous.

Even now the life changed, we are improving hope so for helpful, useful things.  With the technology, society improving, the role of the women changed, because in the past at least in my town the role of women was to sit at home and to raise her children, to ensure a bright future for them, and to make useful generation.  In the end this will be for the goodness of the whole world.  “That in the opinion of the old generation (my grandmother)”.  The duties of men were to work to brought money, to ensure welfare to his children and his wife, but he didn’t interfere in the stage of the raising.

But now both (I mean men and women) must work and sacrifice for the sake of the coming generations.  During this life it’s natural to face obstacles and maybe they could overcome or pass this obstruction without any problem, or they will fall in it.  Anyway my aim here to show that and also women have there role in life.  During this life they can achieve a good thing or a bad thing that is going to affect them in the beginning and the whole world after them.  I guess here that the author of this statement meant by the phrase exits and their entrances that they both may enter to different fields on the life, and during this entrance may be they could achieve aims that could improve the whole world and they could exit if they want with good impression, execution or achievement or they can continue the good work.  This is one possibility to explain this phrase, and maybe it can be the entrance of the married life that it need to be built in a strong base of love, and confidence, and understanding to build a happy family, here we need couple (man and woman), or they will exits from this life without any benefit or advantage just destroyed generation if we don’t have at least some of those conditions.

Further it could be both things the entrances may be for good or bad thing that affect the person itself, exits from good thing, bad thing with either a good experience, and benefits from it, or the opposite and it will be example to other people to let them know how should the act.  So I want to go back to the phrase men and women are merely players.  Yes they are players that the peoples can watch them and learn from their experience.

This idea manifest in the lives of people in my country: we are all human beings our tradition, religion is different fin a way or another, but the idea itself about this whole subject, as I explain it above is the same in all the world maybe with a small unseen difference.

In the end I hope that different people will learn from the wrong of others and to learn from there false to know how they should enter and even exit with a good achievement, impression, or effect for the sake of the whole world and its natives.
