In my opinion there are many different between the written and spoken the languages.  When we want to speak we didn’t bother with the grammar but when we want to write we must be write with grammar or punctuation and right spelling.  The different between the written and spoken the language have a lot advantages:-

1.	Many people can be write the language and understand it but there are can’t speak the language very well.  For example:- in Israel the Arab people know and understand to write but they didn’t know how to speak the language very well (not the all).

2.	The speaking it is be easy than the writing.

In my opinion when we want to go to trip and to visit some country for example we use the spoken not the written but when we want to use the language in the social life we didn’t write, we spoke because we can’t write what we want to tell.  The principal that different between our written and spoken is.

For me I can to speak very well and understand but when I want to write I discover that I have a lot of wrong spelling or grammar.  The English is very beautiful and exciting language but in these language there are very different between the spoken and the writing but in the same time it is have very beautiful advantages.  In one hand the speaking is beautiful and easy than the writing.  Because when we want to write letter for example we need grammar, right spelling and punctuation and we must think along time to write a beautiful letter or beautiful composition.  In addition to we need dictionary to write composition with right spelling bring back the wrong spelling or wrong grammar.  In the other hand the speaking is easy because when we want to talk we didn’t need grammar or right spelling and we didn’t need to think along time or to use the dictionary to write with right spelling or right grammar.  We just need to know and understand the language very well and to know how to speak it.

Finally it is very important to know one language.  Because it is help us in the life, when we want to talk or when we want to write letter for the university for example, and it is very important to know how to write and how to speak the languages.  Because if we know to write the languages this is don’t enough if we didn’t know to speak.  So we must know to write and to speak together.

In my opinion the mother tongue can be influence for the people; the people who have the language and it is there mother tongue, they can write and talk very well than the people who use mother tongue is another language.  I think that the language (another language) need a lot of practicing, it is not enough to know and to be know and understand to write and to speak the languages, we must be practice for the writing and to speaking and it is very important to read a lot of books and stories with a lot of subject in the life because the reading give us a lot word and a lot meaning can be help use in the life, and the reading can be teach us how to write and how to speak specially reading take us a lot of general knowledge.  So when we have the general knowledge we can write and to speak in another subject in life.  For example:- in the sport, in the political, in the fashion and another important subject in the life.
