All the world is a stage and all the men and the women are merely players: they have their exits and their entrances, and each person in his/her time play many parts”.

There are two meanings for these statements the literal and the figurative meaning.  By the literal meaning we could understand that the world is two parts:  men and women, and each other of these two parts have his own thoughts, private and charm.  Each other of these two sides represent many types of characters in the life.  The man is a father, brother, son or something else, and the woman is a mother sister, daughter and more – and each one of these two parts should have his own image.

In the figurative meaning we could understand that the other is speaking in specific way about the existence of the two sexes in life and particular role.  The might should understand that there are two sexes:  male and female – and each other at those groups have create to play his own role.  Each one of them has his own charm to attract the other group to compose a couple in the stage.  These couple is a couple of man and woman wife and husband which the one of these complete the other and have a collaboration in there life together.  But each one of them has the liberty to do whatever he want, and they are equal.

In my society these idea manifest in the lives of people, clearly, in the past.  In my society, the traditional Islamic Arabic society, the man or the woman plays his/her own role.  The man is the householder he just have to work to have money, to defence his family, to help his wife in raising the children and when it necessary to go to the war to fight the enemy.

On the contrary, the woman is the mother, the housewife, she have just to cook, clean the house, and to take care on the children.  But there were abnormal examples of women who shared the man his floor, like Fatema the daughter of the prophet Mohammad, Alkhansaa and more ….

Today, life goes different, now there are many similar things between the men and the women, today life is built by the cooperation among the man and the woman and because of the economic condition the woman have to work and share her husband his housekeeping.  As a result the man also should help his wife in her housework but it didn’t stop there, because man and woman today are also similar in the existent appearance by the way they are dressing, the haircut, and in some cases the woman take charge that she play the role of the boss of the man.

In my opinion, today there must be equality between the man and the woman but without fastening each by the other.
