Humanity is freedom.  People in this universe can do whatever they want, whenever they want.  One of the things that the person has the right to do, with nobody interfering, is making a family.  Somehow, in the last twenty years, the concept of a family has changed.  Now, there are many other options for the couples.  For example, they do not have to be married or they do not have to be from the same sex.  Although, these people who decide to deviate from the traditional society, face a lot of obstacles.  They do not give up no matter what.  In fact, if they face any objections they insist more and more.  So we are outer observers should learn how to deal with theses situations and respect everyone’s choice.  We should take more responsibility for our acts also religions and the government must give more space, better treatment to these people.

A number of societies, cannot accept any atypical person or behaviour.  Some societies believe that the person should surrender to his environment traditions and manners.  Furthermore, he should try hard to satisfy them.  Yet, in other societies, especially western ones, believe that everyone have the privilege to make their own adoption, the main thing is to be comfortable.  To protect our freedom we have to take part of solving this problem.  Let us start by respecting people’s choice.  We have to be more open-minded, stop digging and interfering in other’s life.  Not just this we have also to support them and always remember that even if they are in the wrong, we do not have the authority to judge them.

Regarding to the religious aspects, it is totally unacceptable to them to marry or to bless a same sex couple, or the government does not acknowledge the as parents.  The opinion of both sides affects a lot of people that always adopt their ideas.  Also it affects the same couple that wants to adopt a child and finally having a warm loving family.

Sometimes the government does not support single parents financially, or even they do not get what they deserve.

Another issue that we have to pay attention to, is the thing that a lot of couples married or not, are separating recently, which lead to a lot of single parents among the society.  This thing make life harder to the parent, to the child and contradict our principles, which lead to another conflict between the society and the person freedom.

In brief, we should change our point of view to the new concept of a family.  Thus, we should accept people the way they are, understand that we are not living in the 18th century, also use our powers and strength to something more useful.  The society should realise that people need loving friends and families.  Respect, freedom and liable society, would change the world, and would help more people.
