At first, God created the earth, secondly he created a man and a woman.  This has been the best thing God has made to his own creation, to the world, our universe, in which we live our lives and after a period of time, someone else comes and takes our place in it.

All the world is a stage in a theatre, and “all the men and the women are merely players”.  I think it’s a true and correct statement.  Every person, and it doesn’t matter how old or young he is, has a place and a duty to make.  He is considered as a player in a stage, and he must play his own story in the best way he can.  Unfortunately this is not always the case, because there are people that not play by the rules.  In contrast they play to their own interests and not to the interests of others to.

There are basic rules every person has to play be them:  honour, respect, love, integrity and indulgence are values that must be among people, and every person is responsible about his life and how he choose to play.

Every single person have to choose his or her own way in life, and what part he or she wants to play through their lifetime on the stage of the world.  Each person has to decide what are the rights and what are the obligations he or she has to accomplish and make through his or her lifetime.

Furthermore every person has to put in front of him/her a specific goal, and he/she has to do the best in order to reach his/her goal in life.  And in the end he/she will be pleased and intensified about his/her accomplishments.

And of course like in every stage, the players change, as well as the taste and the duty of every player and player.  Thus is the thing in our world, many of the men and the women have their exits and their entrance, people pass away and others live.  All the time there is * in the world, and everything changes, nothing stays the same.  The turns change also the people and I think that it is something good and healthy, if the change is for the better.  My hope in life is big, and I hope that everything changes, will change for best.  This is my dream that * all the troubles and the bad circumstances we have to move and go on in a hope that everything will turn to be fine and good.

I believe that the society on the whole see and pictures the life in many ways.  Some say that it is a stage, others describe that it’s a game or like a movie in a screen, but in the end it’s our life.
