How we write and how we speak are different forms of social communication.  What are the principal differences between our written and spoken languages, and what are the advantages of each form.

As a start each and every person living and existing should be thankful for the greatest gift of all which beloved Lord had given us.  This special and unique gift was only given to people, many of God’s creations was not gifted as much as we did for and of course because of the ability to write and speak.  Since the beginning of life, people has been using this ability as a form of communication.  However writing came along only later on.

I may think about a lot of differences between our written and spoken languages, but the first principal difference should refer to the fact that people use their ability to speak much more than writing.  People find it easier to speak rather than to write and somehow I believe that it is because of the laziness in themselves.

My mother always used to say that I have a very strong opinion on people I don’t know, people I hardly ever meet and even on people I deeply care about.  This hard and strong opinion reflects on the fact that I think all the people are lazy, why do I believe so?!  Because of the fact that if most of the people, not all of them, but most of them would try harder and make an effort to try to make things better I believe they could have succeeded.  But no, why to chase after something you know you will have even if you didn’t?

It is extremely obvious that what is easier, human race chose it and that is the main reason why people prefer talking on writing.

Many people find it easier for them to write and that is so because while writing you may feel you are expressing yourself better or even in a more delicate way.  However words coming out of our mouths can be delicate too but it could also be very rude.

I should refer the second principal difference between writing and speaking to the fact that speaking was used before writing.  While writing these last three sentences I remembered another very important difference, not less important than the first or the second ones.  This difference is connected to the media.  For an example, while we are sitting and watching television, mostly what we do is hear and sometimes even speak to the ones sitting next to us about what we had watched.  So in a different words;  we can see that most of the forms of the media is us to listen while someone else is talking and here again we are back to the fact that many of us are to lazy to read the newspaper because I believe we all think it is rather do see it and listen to it on the TV or on the radio than to be bored by reading it.

This also may explain why do people avoid sending letters, and the reason of course should also be somehow connected to the laziness of the humanity, as you probably suspected, people avoid writing letters because they find it a long and irritating process which they are not capable of doing.

Some of the advantages, in speaking is that no one else besides people can do it.

Another advantage is that with the help of speaking a lot of things had been done.  For an example, they would have never reached the Oslo peace process if it weren’t to talking and of course the strong will.  They all had back then to improve the situation.  If it wasn’t for talking, people by now would have found it very difficult to communicate with each other.  The ability of speaking and the fact that we can pronounce so many words which we amazingly manage to combine them as a whole sentence which comes out through our mouths, making the person next to us understand our needs, wishes, hopes and many times it is just our questions is something above all that we have been gifted by the Lord itself and for that we shall keep it always in our minds that it is from God.

The advantages of writing is the ability to express ourselves better and easier, and I believe in another thing which is:  sometimes a person finds it hard to say what he feels and sometimes the words are to hurtful to be said or like in many cases we just can’t find the right words so I believe that by writing you can say and express yourself even though you are taking your time, thinking what would you like to write rather than in speaking you just say the words without thinking and I believe there are many of us who do so and so little of the ones who think for a little minute and then answer but in the two forms of communication whether it is speaking or writing we should always remember that these abilities were gifted to us by God.
