In my opinion it’s right idea, because every one in our life take a part in this stage, and I think that everyone can participate in it …..


And I think the author means by this statement, that life will finish and disappear in some day, and every thing will be not, exactly like this stage that this author talk about ….

And every normal person who read this statement and this little words; he/she see that they have to do something important and helpful for his/her society.


So I don’t agree with this statement and with this idea; I think that the children play the biggest and the largest part this life….

That because there are a lot of people and exactly a lot of persona's lives their lives for their children and for their sons, then the children play a very important part in our life…


Anyway, I think that men and woman are not merely players. They are not just players, they are the stares of our lives. They are a very dependant people that they are human’s then they can feel and think and do and help and make some things that are a very important things for their society.


And some day they will be adults and the generation that comes after him will have a very big and wide benefit from the things that those adults were died before ……


And this generation will use his best to keep in developing and to make a nice things that women and men did it before him…


And like that this round will go on for all our lives….











This way in life it’s exactly what happening in my society. My society believes that humans (men and women) they are in the first importance in the list….


Then my society don’t agree with this statement that say things like that about humans and stars our life the he is someone like him…..


I believe that these humans are perfect and exactly who sacrificed his/her life for the society were did he/she live this ones that do the best to help building the society where they live…

These ones that try to smooth the way for the generation that comes after him……


In the end of my composition I think that what this author wrote it’s in his/her opinion. But here I have to ask him my question that it’s important for all those people that they do their best to help and to ashave their goals = did the author/writer think/believe that animals/plants (nun humans) are best or help us more than men and women?


It’s very important to answer this question that need to know and to be sure that men and women are the people that manifested like the water and the air that the life need to keep on…..


And finally this author have to know how to differentiate this people from other people that they are different from people how help their society….
