When God created the human on this world he had a goal from this thing, he created the person and gives him the life and he lets him live his life freely.


All of us had been created and all of us live his life how he likes, there for, every one live his life in a different way, for example after the children were born some of them go to school and the others no.


The author said; - “All the world is a stage and the men and women are merely players, they have their exists and their entrances, and each person in his/her time play many parts”.

I think that this statement is completely right because all of us plays a role in the life, every one has a different place on the earth, so we look like actors because every actor has his role and present his role on the stage in front many other people.

We in our lives look exactly like the every one live his life however he likes and the other entire look at him and see what he is doing.


For example I would like to speak about my self as an example for person that lives his life how she likes.


I was born in 1985 and then I began my trip in life, I entered the school and began learning and when I finish the high school I would like to enter the university and then I will marage and bring children. Doesn't this little deception for my life look like a story if I would write all of the details of my life.


I think that every one have a place in life and he have to play this place and work according to full this role correctly.


For examples we couldn’t live without men and women together because they will continue the humanity, and they have to live side by side and to push the life on the world. The women will marry the men and bring children then they have to raise them and this process will continue like this.










Each one of us has a work and he has to do it will and he also has to care about this work, and in our life we could not give up on some groups, for example if we try to give up on teachers who will learn the people? If we give up on doctors who will cure the people?

From this to examples above we can conclude that every one is important in his work and he give something for the society whatever if he give it something good or bad because there is some people who are bad and gives something bad to the society because they are an evil persons and they damage the other people.


I can prove my opinion and my view from the performances for example, there are mostly in all of the texts a conflict between the good people and the bad people.


I know that every one has his way and style also but I also know that all of us has to love together and to treat each other because we live in the same place, so we have to agree with other people on some rules and are not allow to commit them.


I think that the story of each performance or it taken from our real life, because there is stories which speak on some important people and to present their life like:-“The story of my life” – for Helen Keller and she speaks in this story on her hard life and her illness or the story will reflect something that is unreal but this unreal things all of us think about it, or try to understand it.


I agree the author in this point because if we look on some one life and know all of the details I think that we will discover many things and to learn too, and we will exactly convince our self of many things, in other words, if we follow up all of the movements of any one it will give benefits for us, because we will know what is wrong and what is right, what we have to do, and what we haven’t?


I think that all of us has his own life and our lives look like a story so we have to work together for living a good life and in harmony next to each other, this thing will make the ends of our story a happy ends.
