Everybody can give an opinion, or a special statement in the life, and he means something that may be we understand it or not.


In my opinion the author means by the statement that says the word is a stage and women in addition to the men are just players, is that our life it is not a real life, and it is nothing but a stage. This says that the life is from the imagination. It’s may be right and may be not. The author is wrong in one side – and it’s if the life is a stage – and the stage has a beginning and has an end, and it has to come back again or repeated again, but our life has a start and an end, but has no repeating, in another side the author may be true because the stage has players from men and women and they live their life in a stage, and they must adjust in it, because this their life.


I think that there are two lives, the stage and the real life. The first life is the unreal life and the second it what does the real life.


Everybody needs to learn about the life, because if we want to write about this issue, we should have a big learning “A little learning or knowledge is a dangerous thing”. We must not follow the renunciation of our religions that God gives us around life not a stage – therefore we should think that the players can’t born a real life as such as what God did. In another words, our God gives us a life and this is our own, but the stage is not our own. So we live in what we have, not what others have, because a penny saved is a penny gained.


The stage is made not born, but the life which God gives is born and not made. This is one of the differences that we could find it to prove the life is not a stage. Another difference is that in the stage we don’t believe not all that we see, nor half what we hear, but in the realist life we believe because it is a real thing.


Sometime in a bad situation we really can say that our life is a stage, and the women and men play a role that he/she want across it to achieve their dreams or their hopes, and sometimes when were in a pessimistic situation we said that this not life this is a stage, or a stage is more better than a real life.


Although that our life is an enemy but it is better than the stage which we say that it’s our friend “Better an open enemy than a false friend”.


This statement may be in more than one meaning. It’s may be means that women has a big role in the world and she plays this roles each time she need and each time she think that it’s suitable time. The women play an important role and when the women finished her role, come the role of the men and he too wants to play his role. To prove that he is the stronger here in this situation happens the conflict between men and women. Each one wants to prove her/his self. Every time that the men have to develop something in their life, the women soon hear this and try to develop before the men.










This situation let us see that our life is nothing but a stage and the people can understand from this stage’s mistakes. The people in the life forget that they are in a glass life, which showed everything and they forget what said “Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones” because they will lose this home, will lose this life.


Of course, this conflict between men and women showed that our life is a stage because the women say that they can take the heart of the men across his stomach “The way to a man’s heart is through his stomach”, and the English men said “Cherchez la femme”, this means the women have a distance and they can use it with men.


In the end, through my society, this idea don’t manifest at yet in a big picture, because now the women allow he men to have control of most of the things they want, because the Western societies not arrived to us at yet, but I think it will be and developed all years around.


Another reason for why this idea don’t manifest clearly in our society is that sometimes the people can get the wrong side of the stick; they don’t understand that the women should be developed and should work…


Finally, I hope this idea will develop step by step, until that it’s will manifest clearly in my village and my Eastern society, and I still in my opinion that the stage is unreal life, but the life that God give it, it’s a real life that we should live it.


I think that when we look at what is happening now in our world of problems and situation, I think that I am in a stage looking at a film.
