I think that the author means by this statement that the people, men and women have more than one character in the life, that means, the person in this world have to do many jobs in his/her daily life. The thing that require from him/her to play many parts in the life.


Maybe the author mean many probabilities of this statement. The first probability, for example if a married woman is working out of her house, then she have to play two parts, the first one is to be a real mother to her family. In addition to take care of her husband and children. The second part that she have to play is when she at job, she have to forget all her responsibilities of her home and to do the utmost effort in her job because she have the responsibilities as in her home. The same example for a man, he should be a good father if he is married and he should be successful in his job and the two sides have two different characters.


The second probability is very manifest in our life and it happens usually with us. Sometimes we meet many people in our life, at school, at job or any other place, these people are different one from the other and every on of them have a different character and behavior. Of course we don’t like all the people we meet but from another side you have to compliment this person despite the fact that you don’t admire him/her. In this example you play two characters at the same moment, you appear as a lovely person but in your heart you are a bogus.


Another example is when you at your job the manager of the work is responsible of you and he/she always ask you to do many things and you say ok, and show him/her that you love him/her. Also that you always ready to do anything he/she ask you about but the fact is opposite, you hate this manager because of him/her many requires, but maybe because of your need to work you have to show to the person that you love him and agree with him.


As we see in the examples above, the requirement of the life and the need to continue living are the reasons that constrain the people in this life to act in different ways and to show imaginary personalities.


I think that the examples I have wrote above are illustrating the idea of the statement and the author opinion, also I think that the author’s aim is to tell the people about their life in two or three lines, and it’s the truth, we all live in this world. We all live on a stage also everyone from us have more than one face or chararter,














Finally, I want to say that our God create us to live in this big world to live our lives and to meet many people and every one should convince his self that he is a player because it is a reality that we couldn’t disguise and as long as you are alive you will continue you play even if you don’t content about it.
