Actually I used to express my own English by talking and listening to the spoken English through T.V. When I started to deal with the spoken English on T.V. I found it much easier than dealing with the written English, because the written language needs a lot of concentration and focusing, as we have to pay attention to the spelling, and we should be aware of making any mistakes that always happen when we use the written language such as grammar, spelling …


It’s a well know fact that everyone prefers to express himself in a spoken language, because it’s quite comfortable and all we have to do is moving our lips with a little bit of focusing.


Ten years ago when I started to fall in love with my favorite language (English), I need to watch a lot of foreign movies specially “Action Movies”. Now I still remember how crazy I was about movies. Honestly, I like the way they spoke this language more than anything else, and this crazy feeling is growing with me, it will keep growing until my last breath.


So it seems to me that the way to like a certain language is through listening to it. Maybe writing and reading are more interesting than listening and watching, but I think it depends on each one’s personality.


It’s worth mentioned that spoken languages are more connected with our social life, as we use it everyday to express ourselves to each other. In using spoken language we have the ability to use any word that may come across our minds, because spelling a certain word in talking is much easier than spelling it in writing.


We should not forget that there is a huge difference between people in our societies, that difference might be education as there is a certain kind of people who is more educated than the other kinds of people. This difference might effect on the using language, because in this case the educated kind of people uses the written language all the time, and the less educated kind of people will find it more comfortable to use the spoken language.


Let’s leave the education because many people think that the education responsibility depends on the person itself.


I’m convinced that the most important reason for having this gap between spoken language and written language, is a using a lot of communication ways : like TV, cellular phones, and all the other communication ways that has become a real part of our life.














The most important form for a certain language is the spoken form, and it’s clear that the spoken language is getting better day by day in all the societies, the best example for this improvement is music, the whole world now is crazy about it.


Unfortunately this phenomena seems very hazardous to me, because if we keep ignoring the written form in our language, our languages might be destroyed, because it’s impossible to speak a language without using it’s written form. Our languages look like a drowning ship in the sea of our indifference, and this ship can be saved only by brilliant sailors that must be used.


My little brother is six years old and he is so interested in music, he still doesn’t know how to write his full name correctly, that’s why we have to take care of the child and to teach him using the language in it’s two forms.


Despite ignoring the written form these days, there are still an amazing skills in writing that make me feel proud of our languages. It’s such a wonderful thing to have writing skill that we can use to let the pen talk instead of our useless chatter.


It’s worth remembering that using a form in expressing depends on our moods. Sometimes we may feel that writing is better to express our feelings than talking.


In fact, I have seen a lot of people who hate using writing just because of the pen that has become a stupid thing in our life. I’m not surprised because I believe that stupid things might endanger our life, the same way they’re making our languages look worse and worse by the time.


I hope with all my heart that we will be able to improve our languages with some interest instead of our dangerous indifference that is leading us to hell.


Last but not least, I believe that those who made a great effort in creating our languages deserve some respect that we can show by taking care of our language.


Thank you for reading.
