I took my pen and began to write an essay which talk about a common subject… the “world” when we say a “world” we think about everything that this word contains… it is a small word but it contains and include a vast and a wide meanings… it means : people, different communities, wild imagination and many elements which help us to know and to understand this word of  world. All of us are speaking and talking without each people who don’t have the ability to speak or to write because many personal reasons, but the most important thing that I wanted to share about is the difference between our written and spoken languages, how it had known that how we write and how we speak are different forms of social communication, and it refers to many and variety reasons.


And how we know in this world there are many communities and many differences between one to others … there are Arabs, Jews, Americans and other so each of them and all in single have a particular traditions and a special culture who is different from other … for example : Arabs, there are many Arabs who is living in the world, they got a high percent, their language is Arabic but I don’t mean just and only “language” in a literal meanings but also the figurative meaning… which means how the person think and what he or she expresses or explains his different ideas.  The language of the body and how to try to understand the others who are around us, live in this world, we have to understand and to know more and more about the other cultural communities and their language to communicate with them clearly. Arabs are talking Arabic language and writing Arabic language but they must know and learn other languages like : English, French, Hebrew and other, just in this case we can understand the others. We must have vast knowledge and a wide information to know how to speak and how to write and to think straight about all the sides left and right so we can’t say we should or it might but we must learn and improve and develop ourselves because it is very natural in being differences between our diction and the way to write this diction, so we write anything and we speak everything.


As a result of all these differences between speaking and writing which creating a tiny word which is “knowledge” this word share us how to deal and cope with other societies, and these differences continue to the last because this world is not tiny but also vast.


Another example that tell us about these differences … If we want to travel to another country we must know how to speak their language as they must know our language to understand and to deal with us.


How I had shared in the beginning and in my opinion that these differences between our written and spoken have many advantages … because these create from the person.



Another personality and another brain… these make him to understand more and more, to know and to communicate with other by or via his written and spoken and to make a solution for these differences.


But in the end we can’t find the principal differences clearly, because all the time that people live is the same time we can’t find explanation.


These differences continue step by step and age by age because it is natural and common in all places and in different faces in many cases.


It will come a day that we can solve this tied differences and to be equal between our written and our spoken not only between ourselves but also between all the communities around the world… gene by gene will understand the meaning and all of them will become a clean completely and keen and we will see that we never have seen.


The differences are variety because our wide society and our different ability between he person and our personality.
