The social system could define and accommodate itself to a broader definition of the term “family” in posting a new law that could flow the scope of the liberty bares to each per in this society, as example : in family that have a single parent and that as a result from divorcing or a teen had become pregnant without marriage’ someone should take a responsibility about this single family and that in reparation the security in something else. This single families will not feel alone in this world to appear it and never leave those single families behind the society and to help them, and to give them a hand.


To keep the word “family” in it’s real meaning and to diaper the real meaning of this word. “Family” means a lot for human because it is a way of life to the person, without family the human could feel insecure in his life and it could pay too many problems,  and this person could feel uncanny or strange that because he doesn’t have the perfect family, that every normal person has.


The word family means a lot – it means love, help each other company and who doesn’t have it he will stand in a lot of problems because the family is a warp in person’s life who have a single mother or father or parents from same sex, he will see the world from other and side and non correct. He will behave like his parents and the natural way of his life will be so far from him. I think that the Government should forbid the families of the same sex to have a child that will live with them. They should not be selfish because growing a child between them will draw on many problems to this child and because he will grow in a different way from other children and he doesn’t deserve that. Also, that relationship between two people that are from same sex is prohibited in the religion.


The social system have to do to untwine this problem of the same sex family, to define to them what they have to do, how to behave to their children and don’t do something non normal before the children and to try to learn their own child to live the normal life and to let them understand the situation, and if they don’t accept it they could decide that they want to live in a normal family and they could not stand up in this weathers they have all the right to leave this “family” and live with another.


To lessen those kinds of  “families” the society have to protect itself from those things and it will not drift as well to this thing non traditional, to try to live a normal and a natural life, because those situations aren’t “single parents” and same sex families, to the social system and to human himself  because he considers a strange and uncanny in the society, and putting children in organizations or institutions is not a good solution because either there the child will feel that he is a stranger.
