Therefore the society we are living in is changing also from an undeveloped society to a developed one.


The development includes also the growth in the number of non traditional families and same sex families.


Actually it is not something new that appear just now, it has always existed in our world, but people hide it from the society and from their families because it a shame for them and for their families.


Today “this type of people” like single parents and same sex families are becoming more prevalent than before, not because it is a new trend or fashion, but because our social life is expanding and becoming more open-minded.


In Israel this bearer got acceleration only in the past decade and still there are some substances that don’t accept this kind of life.


Israel is a country that her department of Interior is usually administered by religious people (something which only make it harder to cope with), so they had never accept the type of  people who chose to live their life in this way – and therefore they do not defined as a family. In order to change this bearer in our country the society system must be changed.


First the society system must change the definition of family. Family – it is not only two parents from a different gender and their children. Family could be a parent or two parents and it doesn’t have to be from the same sex and also there is no rule that family should include children in it. The important thing in the family is that there is love in it.


It can be said that the social system would execute a new definition of family – the whole public or most of it would be more understanding and more open-minded to the issue.


Those groups of non traditional families should be given the chance to live their life like a “normal family”, and they should get all the benefits that so called “normal family” gets.


It should be known to everyone that in order to  streamline our society system and to keep the tranquility, we should be understanding and tolerant towards the society.  If all the people all over the world would behave according to this formula, our life will be much better not by 100% but maybe for a half.


To sum up it can be said that after all we all human beings and we shouldn’t judge nobody according to what he does or according to how he looks. We should all be understanding and open minded to new things, even if at the beginning it is very unusual for us. In the end it is only for our own life and to make them better place to be in.
