When the first man learned how to talk, he began to write, and all of the written things by the first man called History. So, if the man didn’t learn how to talk then he couldn’t write.


There is a huge difference between our written and spoken languages.


In my opinion, there are some things which you can’t express by writing. So you have to talk and when you talk you feel more comfortable that when you write.


Furthermore, speaking of talking can create all the written things. For example : you can’t write if you don’t have a spoken language. Nevertheless, you can’t ignore writing, there are so many advantages of writing – and so to speak.


First advantage is History : I mean, without writing the history who would know anything about Napoleon and his wars or Alexander the Great, or even the history of a whole Empire.


Another advantage for writing is the international communication through internet and e-mails.


Others say that we can know about everything in the past just by people speaking and talking throughout ages.


If they think their opinion is right, they have to face the truth : maybe we can know about Napoleon from peoples talk, but believe me that we will know him as “Dream person”, but when you write you mention every detail of his life.


Nevertheless we can’t ignore speaking – the advantages of speaking are too many.


For example, speaking maybe more effective than writing. There are so many people who change others life just by talking, those people change the whole world, just like Jesus Christ, he spoke to the world by really beautiful and fantastic words, nobody could say “no” or “stop” when he was talking. So if that man wrote his words instead of saying it, then everybody will say “no” or “stop”, because speaking has a great effect to people’s minds and hearts than writing words.


Another advantage to speaking is that when you want to express something which you can’t express it by words, then you have to talk in signs by an unknown or strange words that can’t be written.


So writing and speaking could lead to the same goal but in different ways.


Some say : what happens if you speak and talked about your ideas, and people really enjoy that, and so, you wrote all of your words in a book?


I think that is a good question which worth to answer : if people enjoy your words just by testing to you, they will read your words when they are written, and then, they will remember your way of speaking, and so you win.


Another question which I have been asked by many people : what do you think about exams should they not be written? In fact, exams is the only thing which I prefer to be written, and that because of a very logical reason:

For example, if the exam you do is just an interview between you and your teacher then you would not be comfortable for sure, but when the exam is written, you have an interview with your paper, which is so easy when you ….( The she who have the control.??) are the one who is in control.


Usually, people always ask, and I answer them, because some of them prefer the spoken languages and some prefer the written ones.


For me I am with the first group, and expressed my opinion in the beginning of the essay.


As a conclusion to my opinion and all the things which I have written, I prefer the spoken language and not the written one. There are many advantages to each form (written or spoken language). People have their choices.


Writing and speaking are different for social communication, but we have to try each one to show our message and ideas or thoughts to the world. We can do it through writing by e-mail or newspaper, and so by TV, radio, or even songs.


So, we can do it, we have to do it as a young students in this big and problematic world.
