I think that the author wanted us to understand things we might see weird. Sometimes we might ask ourselves :“why am I here?” or “Am I a big mistake!” or something like that. Also, we might wish to live another life in another world because we feel that our life is meaningless or boring. But, the author wants to tell us that we are all what we are for a particular reason. Each one of us has its own part in our world and we have to play it.


Our talent is God’s gift to us, what we do to it is our gift back to God. It might sometime be difficult for us to do things or get along with people, but there’s always a key to life in which we open doors to it and to the world and helps us see things in a different way. We have to follow our destiny and follow our hearts cause. It’s the only way we could play our part on the big stage.


Sometimes, there might be some obstacles trying to stop us from seeking our aim, but we must not give up. Today, people are being judged by their appearance, this thing affects them negatively and makes them come down in the world and sometimes be like a skeleton in the cupboard. But, don’t judge a book by its cover. Regardless of their strange appearance lots of people are kind and sweet, and we must not hesitate his personality. We must learn how to really “see” people so we won’t hurt anybody.


Also, today lots of teenagers are being affected by the peer group pressure, they do things that allows them to “be in” they just stray from the path and loose the trace to real world. It’s right that the friend is a treasure but we have to pay careful attention when we choose our friends, because a good friend won’t tell you to stop crying when you cry, he’ll start crying with you. A good friend won’t stop you when you want to run away, he’ll just run away with you. A good friend brings up the best in you and he’ll be there for you anytime anywhere. A good friend is your needs answered. And as M. Luther King said “in the end we will not remember the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends”.


Everyone of us plays on the stage, we all have our own parts, fall, spring seasons, year after year, we live and we try to accomplish our dreams. Each day we are give 24 golden hours, we get them free of charge, so we have to be careful how to spend these 24 golden hours, how to use each minute, each second correctly because there’s nothing far as a minute ago, it’s right that we have lots of time but unfortunately we can spare nothing of it.



In my society, we see people are working hard to fulfill their dream, they know that there’s something they have to do, they have things that must taken good care of. I think that this idea exists in every society in the world. We can consider lots of societies a modern one as through years, many generations tried to bring out the best of its own society, and we can see the results now :

World wide transportation, new developed advises, the Internet, all of those have turned the world to “a global village”, therefore thoughts, life styles, traditions and so many other things each society are mixed with others. So, I think that for this reason the idea of the author exists in every society.


We all participate in the world’s play, sometime we are the good guys, sometimes we fail, sometimes we win, some stay, some leave, some live some lies, some love, some hate, but at the end, when we die, the others won’t remember how rich we were or how beautiful we were, they will look back and see what changes we’ve made in our society.
