When we write a particular subject, and especially language during written the language it is difficult to speak the language correct form.


The principal of our written is comfortable, and when we want to speak we have very difficult and obstacles to read.


Our written is very easy because we generally write but when we want to speak we can’t and make terrible mistakes.


We write always as don’t have any problem because we know to written as the difficulty to speak we don’t irregularly speak. We face problem and difficulty when we speak.


In those days the teachers and the schools making important for the written the language and understand the language especially the grammar and important about to speak well. Interested to bring the students to written correct but is very difficult for student to speak because when he was learning cannot to speak.


We write very good but when we talking the language don’t interested to speak.


According to the social communication each society how know the language especially to speak., and in these days we cannot speak each the language well.


We cannot to speak in different forms of social communication – the language we don’t know is very difficult to learn and to understand.


We write in several forms and we can’t speak our spoken language well, and it can affect the life in various ways. The principle difference between our written and our spoken in many ways our written experience but we don’t speak experience. In the one hand I am interested to know the language well but generally I am thinking that is very difficult but my parents say it is necessary and you want interested in the language in various ways.


I don’t know each language. I know several vocabulary connectors I each language.


The principle differences in which language we want to be sure about how you write and who you speak well. We must to learn and to speak the language in which ways. The teacher the way he teaches made the student love the language in correct ways. The advantage of each form is according to the language and the ways when we learning now.


The advantage of each language it can to help each pupil to learn, to speak well, to learning, (hepesum…?), our written help me to know the language and to speak the language, but usually we don’t speak very well because irregularly.


I am interested to learning try it in the university because I love the language, when we talking the mystery language to me is very difficult and not easy.


To practice the language, the principal difference between our written and our spoken, I can affect our life in different ways.


The main idea when we want to practice the language we speak very well, if we want to speak and try our form goals.


The different forms and spoken language it came to improve the condition if we written a lot and can trace the obstacles in the different ways. Our written is very easy but it can to change our life in one way, or in many ways.


The relation is there between our written and spoken language it can done by the pupil and to speak very well.


The development to improve the language and to promote the language it’s very important to have things done when we learn we must to be careful and to be wake in each language because we want to speak good, to practice good to talking good, to reading well, to write and speak the language helpful to spoken the advantage to make the people to visit museums, one in each way connected.


The foreign I cannot to speak with him because is difficult to me to ask and to learn.
