A “family” is considered and suppose to be a well-related net of members : a father, a mother and children.


This is accepted by us as a matter of  course. It doesn’t matter how old the father or the mother is. It is also not important how many children there are in the family. The term “family” – in usual – should include two parents and (some) children.


It’s the standard and it was the only situation, but nowadays it’s not anymore.


Today it has become something ordinary to hear about “single parent families” or “same-sex families”. You can hear about two men who have got married or two women. You can also find a family with no father.


For the first sight you may say : wow look how developed they are, some people may consider it a development or growth, but I would like to shout as strong as I can :”It’s not”.


Undoubtedly, the two types of “bizarre” families I have mentioned, both of them are most likely to awaken public relationships between people of the same folk.


In addition to the economical or financial problems such families can cause, which are not too important besides the more dangerous and fatal consequences which affects the society itself.  It can be understood that those families represent a real teaser.


The fact that no one can deny and which was proved by professionals all over the world, suggests that single parents and same-sex families will lead to very hard diseases, such as AIDS.  AIDS (Acquired Immunity Deficiency Syndrome) is becoming the most “popular malady among your people.


AIDS is caused by irregular sexual relations such as “same-sex families” in other words : gays and lesbians.


Another cause is (excuse me for the hard expression) bitches. They are the best spreader of the disease. Imagine a society whose young people – who suppose to be the society’s main stays – they become a big imposition on the society.


“Single parent families” are not less dangerous. Imagine a ten years old boy, he enters the classroom, the teacher says : okay children we shall welcome the new boy : Jim. Ok Jim, would you please introduce yourself to your classmates? Jim starts, his name, his family name and… “Hey” Jim one of the children says. What is your father’s name??? A big question mark appears on the child’s face, what is my father’s name? This may lead to depression and sorrow for the boy, isn’t it? Why don’t a have a father such as all the children? And the convincing answer doesn’t exist.


As  a new typical phenomenon relate themselves to the term “family”, we should worry about that. While those irregular families continue to emerge more and more, we must fight it. As it has become clear, that it risks our society indeed.


The Government should forbid those families to grow and she should not allow a man to marry another man (sounds funny), because that’s not why we were created, why don’t we follow the normal rules, is it so bad that a man would marry a woman?


I would thank God for not hearing about such families in my society, and I wish this is the same in other societies.


And I would thank you for forgiving me, I know that I didn’t complete the amount of words required, but I am really convinced with what I have wrote and wish that you do too.


Thanks a lot.


Sincerely Yours,

Moaz
