If you sit for moment and start thinking of the difference between our written and spoken languages, you’ll find it very vast and even more than you could imagine…


As we all know, people have created their languages since a long time… of changes and development… everything has changed.


I’m talking as an Arabic person… I can see that big difference at once…if I start comparing between the written and the spoken language, which is Arabic, it’s very different … my comparing will go to no end, there’s nothing identical. The thing we know about the source of the Arabic language is the “Koran” there you can read a well-spoken language, which is perfect and correct in the side of grammar, letters and so on…


People in that time, almost before more than 400 years ago, were talking the well spoken language; they spell it and wrote it in the right way. While people now are extremely different, their spoken language doesn’t have the same rules and grammar like the written one…


However, the well-spoken language is still upright nowadays, we teach it in schools, we also have the chance to learn it in universities and so on... but the hardest thing now, or minutely the impossible things is to find even one person who speaks the well-spoken languages…


If we start looking for the reasons for this horrendous change in the spoken languages, we’ll find that the main reason is that we’re not ready, or we don’t care to keep our heritage. We don’t even think about it. Our concern is just how to develop and to evolve our lives and methods, and how to exploit the media and the communication in order to take the most we can from other nations. Now that our language is full of strange words like English, Hebrew, France and so on…


Another reason that might have also a big affect in our languages is that we live among people who talk another language (which is Hebrew), we must learn it in schools in order to communicate well with them…


As result of those two important reasons, and others we didn’t mention, people have changed their languages and have spoken another tone from their own invention.


In the regard of the advantage of each form, I’ll start from the written one. I think that writing the well spoken language (the original writing) is a sign of a good thing, which is that people care about their language, about their heritage, they can keep an important thing from what their grand and parents kept in the past.


It’s not only to write it, they also must speak it, speaking the well-spoken language is also a sign or a kind of protection…

But since they have lost their well-spoken tone, they have just to protect their only remained thing which is writing…


Secondly, the advantages of our spoken language. I think that there are no advantages from leaving our own right language and speaking another tone. Nevertheless people prefer speaking it, or they’ve chosen it since a long time… Maybe they’ve chosen their way of speech, and have changed it without their attention, because of the fact that it has been changed progressively with the time. It’s very hard for the one of us to return back to the original language, it’s not because it’s harder than the spoken one!! No, it’s because we’re used to the spoken, changed one and we’re not ready to be qualified in another way of speech that we’re not used to, it’s like you have to change your language, completely!!


Despite of the fact that people have given up their well-spoken languages, some others believe in protecting it, but they are all from the religious tier, those religious people keep speaking the right tone, because they keep reading their holy books which have the right languages…


So the first group of people sees that it’s just because it’s easier for them, or because they’re used to it whereas the second group of people (the protectors) keep speaking the well-spoken languages…


After we mentioned the main reasons and the advantages to each form, we can speak about … what is different, in which sides the forms are different? I think that there are tow diversities in that two forms which are in: - spelling and letters…


We can find a lot of words in the spoken language that are very similar to the words in the written language but not identical, they have the same letters with more or less letters or with an opposite orders in the letters in the word…


About the spelling, we can also find a lot of words that have the same number of letters but not the same tone or the same way of spelling…The third group of words are very weird, that you can find a word in the spoken language which has nothing in common with the same word in the written language, not the same tone and even not the same letters.


Finally, we can just say that this is our life, we have to go on with it, no matter how fast it goes… but also we mustn’t forget our source, we have to keep it as long as we can… because it defines us…
