“Family”, a small word whose meaning is very important to almost each one of us, who knows and feels that family is taking care of each other, loving each other, and support when you are desperate and need someone to be there for you to help you and advise you, because who’s better than your own family members to protect you from anything? Actually no one! No one can love you, protect you and forgive you for anything you do or have done as your family : your mother, father, sisters and brothers.


Unfortunately, that same word has no meaning for those who haven’t even known the real meaning of it, because of the selfishness and cruelty of their parents, or because they were brought to life by mistake! So they spend their life in the streets or have been adopted to some strange family, who has a big heart to raise them.


But now, in these days each person has his own personal definition of the word “family”. Depends on his personal life, desires, experiences. In addition, it depends on his personality, as an example, if he has the feelings of love and being attracted to persons of the same sex as himself/herself, or the other one. If this person thinks of getting married and then having children or it doesn’t  important for him if he becomes a single parent. Usually people doesn’t prefer to be a single parent, because it’s too difficult to raise a child alone, but they accept because of the circumstances and the desires of the other parent who might make a cruel decision toward his own flesh and blood!


Now, when everyone can do as they desire and be allowed to decide what they are going to do in their own life, we can notice the increasing number of the non-traditional families, such as “same-sex families”, where the parents are two women or two men who are homosexual. So they adopt a child and raise him as his own parents and their own child, they support him in everything, they love him, protect him, give him everything that he needs… in short : they become his “family”.


Other families are called “single parent family” where one of the parents is missing, in other words where the father or the mother leaves his own children to satisfy his own desires or to fulfil his dreams, because he thinks that he can’t live his life as a parent! How cruel is that!? However, some “single parent families” live happily like other normal families, where their two parents, and even better than them!


In my opinion, homosexual is a normal thing because a person was born like that, and it’s not bad if we count a same-sex family as almost a normal family if these persons live happily together, and they can afford a warm place for an orphan child, and give him the love that had been dreaming of.









In addition, I think that a single parent family or other non-traditional families, can be counted or have to be counted as normal families and have the rights of a family, of they have the elements of a normal family, which are as I think : correct education, good parents, good relationships between the members of the family.. and more.


We are the society, and if we accommodate ourselves to a broader definition of the term “family”, the social system can! And if we give the priority in making impressions about families to how they live, and now they feel about each other and not to who they are, or thinking about our traditions and limits, then, just then we can all live happily.


We are not the same, each one of us has his own thoughts and tradition and was educated in a different way with different limits, because of that we have to respect other opinions and decisions. It’s their life not ours!  and just if we don’t interfere in others life we can accommodate ourselves and accept others how they are with no changing. We have to adjust to it, accept it, and respect others decision so we can cooperate and live together in the same society in our big country.
