All the universe is cutting between the two unisex the male and the female and both of them they had a different world from each other and all of us we have exits and entrances – they go to the same place.


The world is like the play in theatre, each person have his time and his turn in this play but each one have the different place and these are many people that they have many parts to play. Some of them men and some women but one part complete the other and all the players they complete each in different ways and sometimes we didn’t fell that we are need other players to complete our also we planning to do different exits and different entrances because we think that we have our own life, but in this case the only thing we do to ourselves is that we admire ourselves nothing else.


In my society this statement means that the men is doing his part from the play and the women also “I am talking about my Arab part but in fact we needed. In our human nature first we born and in this stage we need to somebody to take care of us because someone who have an experience in the play someone who has played many parts from his part, and when we grow up we think and we want to do our parts from the play alone and we said that we don’t need anybody’s help society”.  The men in my society they think that the men have more part from women and he is more important because he is doing the difficult part from the play and he had the right to have different exists and entrances and the woman’s part in the play is to be a slave and just a slave and she was boring.


Just to be a mother and a housekeeper and to grow up the children. The man in Eastern society he controls about everything and he is very jealous from the modern women who graduates from the university or who’s learning, because she will be intelligent more than him, and she will go out and going her parts from the play and she will be for her an exist and entrance, in this case she didn’t need it anymore.


Today we have some changes in our society because we live in Western country and we learn from the Western society who had an exit for the women and men and entrances for both but each one of them he had his/her own exit and entrance.


Today this idea manifest in the lives of the people in my society that the women they want their own exit and entrance and their real part from the play not just in the house also in the society, and we hope that someday in the Arab society the women take her real part to get an exit and entrance for her part.
