.


What comes to your mind when you hear the statement “All the world is a stage and all the men and women are merely players; they have their exits and their entrances, and each person in his/her time plays many parts.


Everyone plays a part in the life, and he/she must be an efficient member in the life in order to his/her rights, and prove that really he/she serve these rights. So in order to get his/her rights he/she must do all his duties in the right way, and he/she should know how to deal with the assignments that he/she must do.


All the men and women have parts in the life that they must play in order to continue and progress in the life, and they didn’t, it will be hard to manage in the life, because without their help it will be difficult for other members in the society to face the difficulties and all their requirements.


Men and women are the essential members in the life of the families, and in order to have an ideal family, the parents must be active and responsible in order to do their tasks in the right way, to know how to deal with problems and face the difficulties, they must be an understanding parents who can understand their children and help them in order to solve their problems. They should learn their children how to behave in order to get a good impression. Parents should learn their children the principles that they should believe in.


In the situation of the parents, we can notice that parents have tasks to do, and they should give their children the rights they deserve, so we can conclude that parents play many parts, and maybe in this way we can explain the statement that claim that men and women are merely players that they have their exits and their entrances and they play many parts, because each one, that means a man or a woman have different tasks and varied assignments.


In our society, we can notice that there are a lot of differences between the parts that the men and women play, those differences are so clear and we can conclude that there are a lot of reasons for differences like those. In the lives of people in my society the men play the important roles and try always to improve that they are the best, and better than women, we can see that the woman is considered as a person who is less important than the man.


On the one hand we can say clearly that the men are more responsible for the life of his family, because he is the person who get money and work hardly in order to make this family’s situation better, so he always considered as a per who is more important and efficient than the woman. On the other hand, we can see that the woman have a very important role in life, and she does important tasks and assignments, for example in the family, it is so hard to manage without a mother, because she plays an important role that the father can’t play it.


Our society reflect a had truth, which say that people are not the same, that’s mean that there are people who play parts more important than other people, but that is not true, because each person play parts that are important for another one, and the parts that play it someone have an importance in some way to the life of another people, so we can’t say this person play parts less important than another one, but we can say that all of them play parts that maybe the are different but not less important than another one.


Finally, I can summarize and say that all people and each person come to this life in order to play a role in it, and because of that all the world is a stage and we are dolls that play in that stage in the way that we should in order to continue in this life.
