.

Every culture in the world has it’s tradition, and it’s very important to follow the traditions of our father or our people tradition, because each people in the whole world has it’s own traditions that they follow.


Every culture in the world has tradition, the tradition is like an (id?) for us. It’s important not to neglect it, I think that if there is a culture in the world or a people who lost their tradition not matter what is the reason, I think that they have lost all their culture, because every tradition or every culture reflects the people or it is one way to impact the people.


It is important thing to follow or imitate the values or the traditions of the past because they were given for us and we must follow them and not to lose them and the person who loses his traditions he/she is lost too.


It is very important to follow the traditions in the right way, and not to explain the traditions how we want and, after that to follow it, that is wrong.


Some people, or there are many people who are fanatic, and the traditions or the values of the past means so much to them, that they even resist every opinion about the tradition or the value, this resistance sometimes affect other people, like :

Losing freedom such as: all Moslems must pray and it is important to pay for them, but Moslem women who prays must wear a headscarf, that is one of the traditions that they must follow and not to let go, so some women who wants to pray refuse to wear a headscarf, so they have no other choice, they must wear it, so here it is obvious that they lost their freedom somehow, some people think that losing their freedom this way is the best thing ever, and they think and say it is worth to lose my freedom to enter heaven, but who knows what is waiting for them the day that they pass away, they might enter heaven, but not to forget the other option that might not enter heaven, and maybe there is no heaven at all.


People follow their father’s past values or traditions with no thinking why they do so.


I think that the best tradition is the one who all accepted, or that is accepted all over the world like : living our life in a respected way.


Respecting our family and most of all our parents, that is very important to do, because they are the one who raised us, and feed us, and took care took of us when we were babies, and we must do everything so they so they can be happy and comfortable, because if we do so we will be happy too, and because not to regret that they pass to their world and to blame ourselves in many things.



A saying that says “we never miss the water there is until it’s gone” so liver your life doing this traditions or values, and let it pass to your children, so they can do these values or traditions. Let your children learn the best of traditions and values and after that, let them imitate it. Don’t let them follow things or values that they don’t understand or suspects in it and leaving them living a big lie. Teach them to live in the real life itself, so they can learn what is wrong and what is the right way, so they can choose the best way to continue their life in the best way ever, and so they can be thankful for the one who teach them and learned them that way of life, that contains the best value ever.
