The life is a very wonderful stage, every person in the world like the life, it is so difficult to give a definition to the life. But the thing I know that the life is the expensive thing in the life.


Firstly, about the topic that say that all the world is a stage and all the men and women are merely players, I agree with this because I think that all the life is a stage and a path for the future life for the apocalypse.


The men and the women play a major role in this stage that called the life, everyone do what he want to take and achieve his goals in the life, but what is the effects! Nothing !!!


In our society there is many kinds of people but unfortunately all of them think in the same way, they want to be happy, without thinking with others, there is many people that work every time in-spite to arrive to the top, although they will fall in the end.


Our world will finish, the life will not continue for the end, it will finish and all the men and women are players, that play this life, the world is the court and stage, the men and the women are players, part of them know how to play, the others don’t know, but we should know that in the end there is the fate for every person.


When the author tell us this statement, he was know that this is an end to our life and he was believe in God.


I want to speak about myself. I think like the author that our world is a stage, because in the end everyone will die and this mean that we are in a subway. In the end of the subway there is the future for each one, the end for the life, but the beginning to the future life.


When there is a game, there is a winner and a loser, men and women play the life game without any care. They think that they will win each time that they enter to the game. They decide when to exit and when to enter, but the days like the calf, the time will pass and we will know that the world is a stage.


In my society, we know many people that work, learn and study to achieve their goals, they do what they want without any hesitation, today you find this person teacher and tomorrow you will find him a doctor. This means that each person in his time plays many parts.


The world is a tiny box, the people are inside the box, play games (do what they want in freedom), no one ask them what they do. But in the end they will find gou? That will asking them about what they doing in our life.


When I sit with myself, I think about the world and the life,  when I remember the end of the world I feel afraid, I do what I want, but what will been my end?!


I think that every person have to think what he does, not just to play, to eat, to sleep… everyone have to think with his end.


In the end I demand from each one that read this article not to despair, but to have the hope to complete this life and this sage in the true way, faraway from the pessimism and to be optimistic all the time.
