Many societies may believe that there is no other statement that would describe our life clearer, but others may do!


During life we face many tests and whether we are able to pass them all or not, that depends on many other things.


Some might believe that they were just born to do it, while others may say that it’s just their destiny, in other words they just give up. Life can’t be taken so easy, we just have to face it in order to succeed!


Each time, we face a new journey, we learn new things, things about life and people etc. … but in order to succeed we need some important "“equipment”, we need above all to believe in ourselves and in the ability to do things and that there’s nothing so hard to achieve. Not everyone has the ability to all those, although but at least he has got one of them.


But how effective can this be ?!

Many believe that their life is already known and there is some one, and only one person who knows all about it, and only he can change things, he watches us move, fall, say, do, succeed, fail, live and die.


Believers might say that, and you would find them so confident and sure about it, they would say that only God knows when it’s time to die or when it’s our time to do something.


“Life is a stage …” if it won’t be described by God we may do.


We control our life and sometimes, someone else life is in other strong man hands, people may make it so hard to others, some use others and abuse them but are they qualified to do this? Sure not! Each one of us has the right to live his life no matter what, but we should always know our limits and make sure we don’t pass them.


“Men and women are merely players; they have their exits – and their entrances …. Plays many parts”.


We succeed, we think, we do, we are alive, each one of us may do something in his life and some may always remember it, and we like only one time so we’re better use our chance to achieve something, it’s not only in economical, educational, field but also on the social one.


But is the world really a stage?

Thing about it!

Maybe you’ll find yourself a player too.
