Writing and speaking is the most important elements for social communication between people in this world, first : “the writing” Writing is a possibility for contact between people, no matter where they are, no matter what is the time. By our writing, we can express many things, happiness, sorrow, congratulations, etc.


Speaking is the way which allows people to understand each other. There are many different languages around the world, everyone speaks in his/her languages.


We can find differences between our written and spoken language in our written, we have all of limiting somehow, we must be clear and to discuss on the point, specially if we are writing a formal letter, for example : my father wrote a letter to his management – I noticed that his letter is very short and to the point, with no any additional information. But if I want to speak with anyone, no matter if I know him or not, I can speak with him about any subject in this world. I can talk with no stop, “somehow”.


Last month, I had a project in my school which discuss about “can we write, can we speak”. This project contain a lot of famous person who expressed about these two elements : writing and speaking. One of them was “Mell Kroz” a writer from Spain, he said if we can speak then we can write, but if we can write maybe we will not can speak.


I realized from this opinion that anyone can speak and write with perfect skills, but no one can do both in the same time. Everyone should practice to do his best.


Pre-dominant, pre-eminent and pre-emptive?, these three words are the most important characteristic to be a good writer and speaker in the same time. They can help us to be creative, skiller? (with more skills) persons and more than that.  But there is no perfect people in this world, we can’t find a person who has these three elements.


From this chasm we can notice that there are space from writing and speaking.


Chatterbox person who cannot stop talking, he cannot begin to write aspiring man who can surprise us by his writing and creativity, he can disappoint us that he cannot speaking in good way, that means he cannot be in touch with people around him in the correct way. Therefore, we can notice that no matter who is the person, but the important things to be able to contact people by the perfect way.


In my opinion, I am skeptical that we can find a person who can speak and write and express an idea clearly. Even the scientist, person who studies science, he know a lot of thing, scintillating things, he cannot write and express about his writing by speaking, moreover, I find that in most cases like him, they mount guard over their science.


In conclusion, I would mentioned about some advantages of each form, “writing” is a way to put down words on paper a lot of people who write and still writing and create an outstanding writings, the help us to increase our knowledge, and to be workmanlike with skills and experience.  If we want to succeed and to do well we have to write and write with no stop.


In this way we can scheme and planning our plans to work out by writing we can be in the top, we can be famous people. It helps us to be creative and let us to be people who to magnificent for words.


“Speaking” : wordy people who using too many words, they’ll have their work cut out to finish in time, but on the other hand they interjection expressing surprises, they put in a phrase, by excellent choice of words in different speech. This advantages may help other to move gradually to the correct way to the success.
