.


Many movies were made about the lives of famous politicians, musicians, ;painters, philosophers, and this is a frugal step to show the people that we all live lives that movies could be done about them, and I don’t see this as a full-scale movie about the lives of these people, because movies talk about one subject, which is how this person succeeded in this topic that he became famous at.


But if we take a deep look into our own lives we will see that “we” live in full-scale movie, which includes : action, drama, romance … and it’s really funny!


It’s nice to sit in your room, lying on your bed, reviewing your day or your week, you will see that you did so much things in a very short period op time, and you will be sorry about the time that you didn’t do anything, but being lazy without being in the mood to something important that will affect positively your life. What I am trying to say is that people are not aware of the importance of their lives, and their roles in this life. A first look into the sentence which was said in this essay : “All the world …. plays many parts”. May cause laughing to many of us, and may say that his author is insane that have no idea about life. But the fact is that this author is nothing but a realistic person who knows what he is talking about.


Take this for example : “The mother and the father are sitting in the living room, having their afternoon cup of tea, and suddenly they hear the door bell ringing …” you can finish this story as you want, and I will finish this story as I want and differently, because everyone sits every day in his living room taking a cup of tea or coffee it doesn’t matter, and everything can happen. From this example, we can see that we could do many movies about non-famous people who could be us, our friends, our neighbors, teachers ….


I am completely agreed with the author statement, and I see that it correctly describes our lives and roles in life. And I also say that this could be changed from time to another, and from society to another. I may not know about other societies, but mine doesn’t really disagrees or agrees with this statement, but what is really matter is to live our lives as it should be lived so our “movie” will be a successful one, and we will not feel sorry in the future about things that we didn't do although we wanted to.
