God created two different sexes, men and women, he wanted this world to be perfect, he knew that this would be better women and men united together in order to make a family, and this is the better to make a better world, and this would be better place to live in.


People are not God, they can’t decide what is better or not to this world, they can’t do against God’s will, they think the are doing something good, but they aren’t.


The “single parent families” and “same-sex families” are very wrong, the are different in a way, the only common thing is that the children will live a different life without a mother or a father.


Concerning “single parent families, I think they could avoid this problem by not getting married in the first place, when two people get married they should be in love or at least understand each other, and when single parent raise a child with no help from the other parent, so this cannot be called “family”.


And about “same-sex families, I’m sure that this is the biggest sin that people can do, when God said that women and men will unite together in order to make a family, he meant the two sexes together, not only one, and when they don’t do this, so it’s a sin in God’s eyes, and I don’t think that people can live with one like this.


I know that there are a growth in the number of this phenomena, in the Western society, but I don’t think that they are acceptable by all the people, there are lots of believer people and they don’t agree to this, because they know that when people do this, they get far from God, and when they get far from him, they can’t live, because no one can live without him.


These families are not real ones, eventually they all break off, they can’t hang on lots of time, because it is something against the nature, and against the world.


So, eventually, if you ask me about my opinion and how our society should define it and accept it, so my answer is that I don’t think that any person should accept this, and even that in our society, there are lots of “single parent families” too, but this isn’t acceptable for the whole families. I think we should define it as something illegal and disgusting, because when people do this, I don’t think that they think of the future and of their children, I’m sure that it would be a huge problem for them because they will be living differently, those parents think only of themselves.


A real family is a family that based on understanding and live between the two parents, a man and a woman, the way that God wants it to be.

According to these families, the world would be better, and the society also.


That’s why I don’t think the society should accept this phenomena, in order to live in a society that has no problems, in order to teach our children the best things to do, and to keep them as far as possible from a society that has even few families like : “single parent families” or “same-sex families”!!!
