Of course each one/person in the world has his/her exit and entrance. I think that this statement shows us that everyone lives his own life, doing wrong things and right things, no one is complete, and each one lives his life as he want, he choose the direction that he is going in.



Usually what happens on state shows how our life is going. There are highs and lows, people who are happy and some are sad. This is life, when we are happy that means there are happy things in this life, the same thing when we are sad. This what the author meant when he said : “ each person plays many parts”. Even when his happy, sad, angry, calm, satisfied … etc.


The place that I live in is a very very very strange to me ! the people there don’t like each other, even the neighbors don’t talk to each other, it’s not just where I live, it’s all over the world.


People are snob and cruel … they raise their children to hate the others, to treat them as a “bad guys”, that can hurt them. There are brothers that hate each other and behave like one of them not exist.

We can see the children hitting each other, there is a violence in this dam world.


Especially these days, when each one have to his relatives or friends, brothers or neighbors hand, we see the opposite of that. We need to care about the others, to feel live and to comfort those who are suffering, to be there for someone, we have to hold our hands and break the wall of hate and anger.


I believe that if people think about it even a little, they will see that they can live in peace, not with other people, but even with himself. The people who pray and think positively, know what is happiness, even when they are suffering because of a stupid or foolish thing, they know that they are going to make it through.


I believe in miracles.

How can we explain that there is a bad person, who hates who surround him, and raised his children to hate people, and all the time argue with his wife … suddenly he calm down, he pray, he hugs and kiss his children and live his wife, and devote his life for them?!

I believe that something special called “miracle” happened to him.


And I’m sure that all these politicians will get what they deserve for their bad and evil things they did. I’m sure that God will punish them, for causing a death for a lot of people in wars.


My point is : it’s true what the author said,

I explained what happens in life, how people act.

I explained kinds of people, bad, good.


If someone feels that he is wrong. He has to admit and ask for forgiveness, and he will see that this will help him in the future.

But if someone realized that he’s wrong, but don’t want to admit, and he keeps doing wrong stuff, he will get what he deserve and punishment.


I wish I could help these people who needs someone to light their ways, and keep them away from evil. I wish that all these hungry people won’t suffer for a long time. I wish that me and all that surround me, find the best and always success in their lives.


So these merely players, they are us, we are the players, who are stuck in this life.


We should have faith, and believe positively always, and know that there are a good people, but we have to search for them and keep them safe always.
