The word “family” is a very big strong and warm word.  Centuries ago people took this word very seriously, too seriously from my point of view. Family was based on father, mother, children (those types of families were called – nuclear families). Another type of families was based on the nuclear families plus grandfather, or a grandmother, uncles … (extended families), but whoever was in the family he always had a blood relation. The term “single parent” almost didn’t exist; in fact single mothers were blasted and accused in prostitution, so they lived in isolation from their society, in poverty and servility.


In our world today,  the definition “family” has taken a large terms; countries are developing, and so do we humans, our minds are more opened and we can now accept things that centuries ago, we didn’t, one of those things us “single parents”, although, I don’t think that there is a good inscription? of the people who really accept those families, but the condition of those families is now better than ever…


Another issue that our minds are more opened to, is homosexuality, fee years ago this term almost didn’t exist in our society, today you can see that the number of people who “expose” themselves is going bigger and bigger every day. There is even a “same-sec families”, but again their being exposed didn’t make people like them more, or accept them more. In fact there is still people who still think that “those kind of people” (gays) should be ignored and thrown out of the whole society. People who think like that should keep their opinions to themselves, and not try to make their wishes come true.


Our society should be more open and welcoming. I don’t think that it’s not, but it should be, think more freely and we will accept humans as they are and try not to change them, in the name of comfort to the society.


I have heard a story about a couple of men who decided to raise a baby; their choice was adopting, “No, sorry” were the answers they got! This couple had so much to give a baby, so much love, warmth, caresses …, it’s too bad that an abandoned baby could have receive this magnificent choice of a warm home and lost it. Those people who decided to say “No” for adopting should e ashamed of themselves, and so everyone who think that a baby, a child can’t get his need unless his parents is female and a male.


That is the truth that more same-sex families are surrounding us, but we should think for a moment how much struggle they have been into, a struggle of every day to be accepted in this country in this society, they could have go and live somewhere else, where they can be accepted unconditionally, but no, they chose to stay right here,  in their country in their land and fight for that so “their” people accept them the way they are, and strangers.



There is nothing wrong to have a family of our own, some people think it is, I say that as human beings we should enjoy our lives and let other people enjoy it, every one has the right of living the way they chose, nobody has the right of taking that from us, we shouldn’t make others lives a living hell, we should love and most importantly respect one another, because if we don’t, we have done nothing to civilize ourselves and our kids. People should be raised on those aspects, so the next generation shall be more accepting one to another, and shall respect other people’s wishes.
