As we all entering into the 3rd year of the Millenium, as we reach into spaces unknown within our technology, as we experience things who were never thought of , reaching or being capable of, as we all go with the flow of this advancing world, there is something missing in all of this beauty. The one thing which should make our lives more meaningful–our family environment.


More and more societies are being blocked from the whole tradition way of life which was the case for everything that made us special, it doesn’t matter from where you came – East, West, North, South – all of our first pioneers came into this country because the believed in something – whether it was on their religion believes or just the thought they should raised their children in a unique and important place to them.


Religion was something who had special attention in the old days, children from the old generation knew everything there is to know about how and why things happened – and as for today you can try and go to 20 years old boy and ask him “Who was Yehuda Hamaccabi?” – and 99% you will get the answer – that dud with the oil?! . There are many causes to this phenomena, as I see it for Western groups, world war two was the face to unknown way of thinking – whether is there a God or not? – perhaps it had effected with the way of dealing with children. You will believe what you want, leave me out of it, and that is the way to lead generation after generation of people who has not willing to know religion ways or to be part of it.


It’s the same for Eastern societies who were well known for their strict religious family patterned in many eastern groups such as : Yemenites, Iraqis, North Africans, who make sure that all the family must be in the synagogues no exceptions, the meals must be blessed before eating, and to put “Tfilim” three time a day. Now the question is why hasn’t it happened in our routine no more, where are those beautiful things that divide us from others?


I believe that the question is in the progress, as we all trying to catch our way of lives as the rest of the free and modern world, as we all being born into a world who has T.V. and computers, who has access to anything you can imagine and more, a world who has all that money can buy (and not hard work as before). We are being exposed to different cultures and beliefs, different people and geographic places, we have the ability to choose whatever we want and do what we want, we can marry non-Jewish people without being thought as outcasts, we can get divorce (and the rates are growing from one year to another), and again, those things were unbearable and unacceptable many years ago.


Another factor is our liberal mind, as many of us who grew to accept everybody as equals, today we are not being thought that gays communities for example are something to fear from or to hate, today we see each person as an individual human being and more than it – even the law authorities allow many gay couples to raise children and we as a society should embrace them into it because it’s a free world.


One last thing – as we all trying to make the best of ourselves, we all want to study, get a respectful and incoming jobs is a matter who effect our family turns, sometimes because it takes many hours from our family time, and many families get nannies for their children or leave the children to watch each other, and there is no sense of belonging or family, patterned who is very meaningless because it based on a few hours.


There is a way to change it, we can keep up with the world and not being responsible to uneducated children and in not talking about school knowledge, we should take our children and instead of 6 hours in front of computers and T.V.  take them and tell them stories about the family rules, where they come from and why we do special things in the family, we must maintain our private time with the children without babysitters or other strangers, and keep holidays as holidays without letting go because it’s important and let the children know that it will make us very proud to see them teaching their children and our grandchildren the same.
