Social tradition demand that we imitate the values of the past, but how we imitate those values in the present is ambiguous. What traditional values do you think are important, and why should they be given the authority to govern social behavior?


It’s not strange that nowadays, people stopped imitating the values of the past in a perfect way because time, people, life and generation, they all had changed. Since that lot of traditional values had disappeared by the time. I don’t think that traditional values are exist to govern our social behavior, however, the exist to guide us to the right way.


Socrates said once : “he who knows right will do right”, so that the right inside everyone of our leads us to the right way. My point is that person will not do something that he is not convinced in, even if it was a traditional value.


Although a lot of traditional values had disappeared, there are a big part of  them which are still imitated by people.


In my opinion, one the most traditional value that should be respected is : to forbid sexual intercourse without marriage. The most embarrassing thing that people in our Arab society allow sexual intercourse to guys and forbid it to girls, and their excuse is that sexual intercourse degrade girls but the don’t degrade guys. It’s ironic … isn’t it?


My question is why we allow sexual intercourse for a part of the society and forbid it to the other part? Unfortunately there is no answer for my question yet. I do really respect this traditional value but people disfigure it by their incapability to understand and assimilate the issue from all its sides.


I  think that this traditional value is important to organize our sexual lives and to avoid kind of sexual sickness such as AIDS!


We are not talking here about shame or tradition, we are talking about health, dignity, the dignity that we all deserve to live in. But unfortunately guys instead of looking for living in dignity the look for their passions and their lihidoes? They don’t care neither about their health nor of course about the health of others, the only think exist in their black head is sex.


That’s why they quickly become wolves and lady-killers and that’s why they become cruel to their sisters,  daughters and even to their mothers, they care about their sacred but the don’t care about the sacred of others, that’s why we see a lot of parents and brothers who lock up their girls in home and keep them away of people and of course away of another men and guys, and the results are not fair.


Some of those girls run away from their homes and families, some them stay maiden to the rest of their lives and some of them marry to men who don’t live or who even don’t know and the result is unhappy families which means unhappy society.


I think that the solution is exist in our understanding the issue, we all should understand that we have passion but on the other hand we should also understand that we also are able to control our passion, because we are not animals, we are human beings,  who are thinking and making their own decisions. That’s why we should be aware of our responsibility and to behave like adults and like responsible people who are aware if the consequences of their actions.


As I said previously, traditional values are not exist to govern our social behavior, however, they are exist to guide us to the right way, so that nobody is able to forbid your sexual intercourse, but nobody also allows you to violate or to infect others with diseases.


My last word is “that nothing can come from nothing”,  what I mean is that everyone of us act according to his beliefs, thoughts, experiences, so that the right inside us leads us to the right way and the way exist in respecting people’s values and first of all respecting ourselves.
