When we speak about fathers generation, we all remember the big list of commanders that everyone older try in every way to convince us “the modern generation” to be like them in every thing,  and to imitate them like a monkey because they think that they are the best and very idol. Sometimes they even think more than that they think that they are perfect without any deficiency, but of course the young generation refuse these ideas and they have a contrary idea such as they think that the old generation are absolutely wrong and they represent an “old fashion”. And they blame them all the time and without stopping, but the truth in our really showed the two generations idea are absolutely wrong when we look fairly and carefully for many aspects we will find the truth of reality and the sun of the truth will sunrise …


The truth is that who does not has past does not has future. Also all of the two generations should believe in each other, in the power that they have inside such as the old generation may believe in the ambitions that the young have and the future that is waiting for all of them. They should believe of their hope and future and support them to do their best and to be the best and to be themselves with cheerful and funny character. In addition to help them to take the responsibility in every thing instead of being attacking without stopping in order to shift their agenda and their thoughts.


These are all the things that we spoke on one hand but on the other hand the young generation play their role indifferently without any attempts to understand the others, they take the address of conversation and take the negative ideas without any thinking, and neglect the good values that the old generation have, and neglect the positive ideas that they should take and consider,  in order to learn from the others, because the smart he is the one who learn from his faults but the smarter who learn from the others faults.


In consequently, the modern generation have to learn all the values that the elders have and to use these values (the positive values) in our life which can facilitate our problems to make the face of the problem easier than it use to be.


The main values which can be very important in order to ease the problems is respecting the others, a value that we had lost it for many years ago which cause to big the space between the generation, disrespectful behavior that the parents faced and still facing is so insulting and the vice verso is also correct.


The second value that young generation use it is the love and not jus any love a real love when say love as a young generation, we all think about a couple whose have a big love to each other as a woman and a man, but when we look behind our back we will find the mean of the real love that our fathers living with it – they not just love their lovers but also their sons, sisters, daughters, grandsons and everyone they can love without any confusion or stress.


The third value is the perseverance and the struggle that they had and still have if we read the history we will find that every country was in occupation for a long time (except England). This occupation the history didn’t withdraw it easily but also the main reason is behind this free of occupation is real men, whose full of masculine and brave hearts and serious women who put the responsibility on their shoulders, in order to dedicate the next generation the freedom.


These women and men paid not just their power but also their lives they sacrifice their soul for the next generation (for us!).  So everyone of us as young generation must comprehend that the safe situation that we live in nowadays is due to river of blood of our fathers, so we must give them some love and respect because they deserve this respect and love more than anyone in the world.


I am sure that this conflict between the generations will go away and I am more sure that people whose have these great values that we don’t have,  not just should but also have to be given the authority to govern special behavior and its honor for us more than for them.
