There are several things adults thought about, and try to teach it for teenagers, however most the teenagers and youth think it wrong, symbolizes of “false” and fight those instructions.  It is look like a cycle. Old human give instructions, youth fight it again, adults give information about the “good, modest, conservative and mature values”, they try to protect them, they contend to keep an measure? Values, and then the war in the cycle is beginning between values and “technology”.


In my opinion, this war will be continued all the time, because everyone, who has special values, think that this value is the best and this person and society want to move its values and good behavior for every person and everyone came to the world.


However, the new “visitors” want to create new things which will be special and excellent in their sign. When they admire this new things they want to teach them for everyone in his society, and especially for newcomers (teenagers). But teenagers try to erase these values and conventions and again, to go on the cycle, and create different values which could be more convenient for them, for their children, and for their present. Everyone has special values, and he want humans to keep them; this is a reason for traditional war.


Social tradition demands we (the newcomers in their sign) imitate the values of the past and keep them, but how? When? Why?… nobody knows!


I think,  every time has special things and special values, so their application is illogical. They create new and good things, it is right, but we can create better things than their values and behaviors. In my sign, traditional values are important, but not the most important.


In fact, all of my written words above are ironical sentences and phrases teenagers prefer, but traditional values are important, modest, good polite and successful values and behaviors, so should they be given the authority to govern social behavior, because old humans were own the best faiths, they standing for their faiths. I am a passionate admirer for these values and faiths, I am fan, because they protect their faiths, their values faithfully, fairly and confidently.


The conflict between technology (advance) and traditional values is illogical, because we can advance without  erasing for these values, advance cannot confront the social tradition, and cannot confront the values. In addition, we cannot confuse between worse advances and good and traditional values.


The traditional values have the best thoughts, they hold the sense of : free, modesty, help, happiness, honest, legitimacy, kudos, innocence, immaculation ? and courage as they should be given the authority to govern social behavior because they can govern social behavior for the best.


This imitation is good, I advise everyone who can imitate social tradition, without abstraction, to keep these values in his/her heart and mind because this is the only thing which will benefit him.

Why?

Because it’s the best

When?

At every minute

How?

Imitate : in every word you write

Imitate : in every meter you walk

Imitate : when you think

Imitate : what do in your life without this imitation!


In the end, finally, the final word I can speak : imitate …
