If we look through the history, we can find that learning foreign language started when the cultures began to mix in each other, for many reasons as commercial reason or to occupy another nation or to travel through the world for discovering. From this point spring the need of develop this field to be link between the nations and to understand at each other to deal with them.


However, now in this speech? We can see that the importance of learning foreign language become larger and more comprehensive than the past, because …. Transformation the world to small village or to small screen “Internet” and its motivate curiosities to use many of languages to have many friends or to expand his rations. In addition to that it also motivate every country and every pupil for this learning foreign language because natural need for human as the need of the food and the drink.


Occasionally, the need to achieve and to reach to the aim, encourage the person and take him some energy to overcome on his problems. In learning foreign language there are many difficulties. It isn’t just exclusively at the strange words and different cultures, it’s also the extent of absorbing the person and the concentration in addition the readiness and the patience of the person.


The difficulty on learning strange words it’s easy to overcome at this problem by the way of training in speaking these words and writing them in this sort the strange word will become usual words for our brains and it’s very important to know the meaning of these words and we should to look for in our minds about close spelling in the tongue language because it will make easy to remember these strange words.


Every culture have special language and as we know there are very different between the cultures from the traditions and the comprehensive for the things, and the difference between the cultures of course effect in the language, because the language it’s a sort to transmit the comprehensive of all the nations, and to solve this problem and to understand other understood cultures we can become acquainted to the cultures that speak the language that who want to learn it, by the television, radio or to visit their land, using this way open the door for facility the language.


The aspects of learning foreign language I find particularly confusing me, the similarity between the words. In addition to the different dialects also the difficulties in the grammar of the language. For overcome at these obstacles we need more concentration and absorbing, for example to resolve the problem of the similarity words, we can assemble these words and compare between them to characterize between them. This way surely will resolve the problem and to disengage  the difficulty in the grammar we should to concentrate on the subject of the grammar and after that raining at this subject, also to resolve the easy of different tones we should to become acquainted to the culture that speak the language, we learn it.



At the end I want to say that it is very beautiful also very helpful to the person to know lots of languages, because it’s a way to open the vistas? Of the education and knowledge and make the person to detect more secrets and to larger his brain and his thinking.


In addition motivate him to do new in our world and resolve many problems the we can’t find solution for him, but another person that have another language resolved the problem that he can’t.


At the end I want to say that the language the key of the education, and the education is not an easy word it’s mean the ideal.
