The study of a foreign language is difficult because it depends on learning both strange words and a different culture in which that language is spoken. If you want to study a foreign language you must know some people who spoken the language and then must talk to him in different subjects.


As example : if you want to study Arabic you must meet someone from the Arabic countries and talk to him in Arabic one by one, you discover that you speak Arabic easily without difficulty, then you need to visit your Arabic friend that you talk to him by the telephone or by the chat in the Internet. If you visit him in his home with this family of course, you have to learning his culture and his language both, then you overcome all the difficulties, and you can go to the university to learn this language as a subject. Maybe you don’t have the faculty to meet a friend and make friendship as easily, you will over many difficulties, because the people who exult? In faculty of meeting a new people will succeed in this.


For instance I like to learn Hebrew, this language is very in same with my language (Arabic), it have many words in same with Arabic and the grammar it same, but the culture is different. Then I must read a history book about the Jewish and read books about his culture in past and how it does now, and where are the Jewish lived in which country then I can learn Hebrew. But the difficulty of learning Hebrew and the culture, is no culture in Israel because many people came from many places in the world, then no culture in Israel, but I can learn about the prophet and in his book, and I must be zealot?  of religion.


At last the study of foreign language doesn’t easy and doesn’t difficult. If you want to overcome the difficulties you must :


1). Know in which place that language is spoken.

2). Read books about the culture in the language you need to learn.

3). Meet some people speaking that language.

4). Go to the country that has same language you want to learn.

5). Make friends and keep touch with him in the country you visit.


At last learning new language and know new culture is very cute and good.
