Studying a foreign language is something so important in our time. Person who is speaking foreign language is considering important, moreover many aspects of life could be opened to him. In the other hand, a lot of people find it difficult to speak this language.


Actually difficulties in learning this language come from the fact that we must depend of learning both strange words and a different culture.


The difficulty in learning strange words phenomenal more than the difficulty in grammar or in learning new culture, because it needs a lot of learning and reading, in another words, it need time.


On the other hand, the difficulty in knowing a new culture is something not easy, to understand others, to know a lot of things about their traditions and their thinking. This is really a hard work, a lot of times it cause a confusion to the person. He has traditions and laws in his culture, but he learning a new culture. What to do? To start changing his life? Or rich?the other culture as knowledge???


Difficulty in grammar is so phenomena too. The confusion come from the lot of tenses which this language including.


We could not ignoring the importance of this language. Today all over the world learning this language is required, in many aspects of life, moreover, person who do not have the ability or the knowledge to speak it is considering a retarded person.


For example, Internet which considering one of the most important way of connecting in all over the world. Without knowing foreign language you could not use it.


Without foreign language you could not go abroad. How could you ask about things you need? How could you use the map? You will be dependent person. Furthermore, you will be always need a follower.


University : the first thing which asking about is foreign language. They ask a specific stage, and without arriving to this stage you could not complete your learning.


We need not ignore the fact that the first quality which companies need is speaking foreign language. On other words knowing this language offer you to accept to a lot of aspects of work.


Consequently, speaking foreign language is so important.  Losing this qualified is not a good indicator. Reading could help you a lot if you have a problem with foreign language, and remember that all aspects of life will be open to you if you have this quality.
