Learning a foreign language is absolutely not impossible but also not easy either.


Everyone of us since he is born and growing up till he or she is able to require any language, then starting to repeat what he or she hear, step by step, that what we call the mother tongue.


I love learning a foreign language especially English, but I think what I’ve already made it clear why acquiring a foreign language is not easy, because from the moment that we start to speak our language that which we learn from our parents or environment is the language that we use to speak with, explain, express our deep thoughts and feelings. In addition it’s the way communicate with people, but one language can unfortunately be helpless to communicate with all people worldwide. English for example is an international language and a person must learn how to speak this language since it’s important not only in communicating with foreign people, but also in our daily life. In the pharmacy I need to know English, to traffic signs also.


Today, universities and colleges require minimum skills in reading, speaking and writing this language, and English is a condition to the entrance to a university or a college.


Nowadays, speaking English may help people to get a job! A journalist should speak English, a pilot and instructor, or a guide who no doubt must speak English to guide the tourists every way worldwide.


Traveling is an amusing thing that I really love to do and not me also every person who has the ability that traveling requires, such as time and money. Always take advantage of the first chance to travel and exploring different places and cultures in the world. So English or French the other international language is so important in journeys like these all over the world, to get in hotel, to walk around, in restaurants, in markets, etc… a tourist must speak English to communicate with the inhabitants of  foreign countries.


English is the third formal language in Israel, because of that the education ministry pay attention to start teaching this language starting from the third grade, first of all learning to write and read the letters and singing in English, and other plans of program how to teach English.


My father is a manager of an elementary school, he is always concerned about raising a generation that has a strong base in this language, in order to ease for them in their future and prevent from them to face with difficulties particularly in English which is commanded? Everywhere. Today an illiterate is not only a person who don’t know how to read and write, but also a person who speaks only his mother tongue, in addition literate person should know how to use a computer and we all know in order to use a computer you must speak English.


In my opinion, requiring a foreign language and how to teach it is not only the duty of the school including the manager and teacher, but also the duty of the parents, moreover everyone want to acquire a language and have to work on it. For example reading a newspaper, watching T.V., using the Internet, reading stories in this language that he wants to learn.


I have friend who his English is great and now he is a student in the university of Jerusalem learning English, if you ask how I will tell you : he used to watch a documentary program about life in Africa and jungles of Africa in English, this program was combining? A translation in Arabic our mother tongue, he watched this program for years and he says that it is fun, it is not a job that he dislike to do. So he invested his time on T.V. in learning English – what amazing way to learn English, so we don’t have to live in a foreign country in order to speak a foreign one.


In other cases, to speak English is important to athletes specially in participating in the Olympic games, also in beauty competitions. Fortunately nowadays the media fulfill this option for us : learning a foreign language.


In schools today teaching English is not given the right way, because to speak English it essential to make a conversation to get know the skills of this language, not just learning grammar, the culture and history of this language, so if I succeed to be an English teacher, I will probably change the plan of teaching English. It may be a challenge to examine my abilities in learning, speaking and teaching this language which I really like.
