The beginning


In this essay I will going to show some of our social traditions that should be imitated because it is important, and those that shouldn’t or could be changed.


As we know, marriage is something sacred that people from all over the world consider it as an important thing. They try to make the ceremony very special, make plans and prepare for the most important day in their life. Because of that, they follow the example of their grandfathers who know how to be ready for this occasion. In short words, marriage ceremony is something that should be imitated because it is required by tradition. For example, the bride must wear white dress on that day.


The women, taking care for the home and cleaning it, is a tradition. We don’t see a man working at home, he just brings money. Although raising the children is something that must be joint by the parents, mothers spend more time with their sons.


In my opinion, those are things that must be changed, because women are also able to work and share her husband with the money, and the requirement of the home.


Another tradition which is important and required by my religion is praying on Friday. People must pray to the God together in the mosque. This is an example of tradition that must be followed and not changeable.


Visiting the cemetery, praying for the soul of the dead people, and reading Koran is something which must be done in feasts by all the Moslems.


Contribution meat to poor people is also a value of the past. Islam religion demand that people help those who can’t buy meat in the lesser Bairan?., and we can see that this is something positive, because in this way, people who lack adequate money or means to live comfortably, will have the opportunity to be like others at least in this day.


People, who find it difficult to imitate those values from the past now, in the present, will be able to do what they want I mean doing it or not. However, this is something relevant to the family and the parents. There are parents who consider praying on Friday a sacred thing, so they force their children to do so, while there is others who give them the opportunity to decide whether to go or not.


Those are some customs and values from the past, that we should imitate now, in order to do our role and to find something to give it to the next generations.
