Social tradition is something that every country had, predestined from the country’s past and individual legacy.  I believe that with all the progress and the modernization, it became really hard to preserve the whole social traditions.



In my opinion, we must memorize all our traditions, of course not by religious coercion, yet if every person will preserve some of the tradition which they attached most, then personally they will fee more connect to their country and the people in it.


Every tradition is valuable because we have so many – I think that

Each one of them is important to each person differently. I’ll take Israel for example: our country has a huge legacy although it young and inexperienced. Even though it only 56 years old where one of the three most important religions in the world. If I can continue with the example – Israel – I can count some traditional values that important to us as residents of this country and as Jewish especially.


First thing I will mention is the Memorial Day, that is the most important tradition and we should, even must, memorize those memorial days. One of them is Memorial Day for holocaust and heroism.


First, the importance of that is to remember and the knowledge of what happened, it restorative our necessity for our country, so that awful horrors won’t happen again.


The second reason and maybe the important one is the generation of the people who had been attend there is almost extinct! When that will not happen, nor more can tell from first source about the horrors and our memories will finally vanish.


Another memorial day is the soldiers who died in wars and battles that in fact saved our country and made it for what it is today. I mean, without those dearest soldiers we might have no place to call it our country.


Like I wrote in the beginning, when years passing by, a new generation is now born and all the stories and events from first source will gone, and there must have be laws for commemoration those events. I, for example, the third generation of a family whose connected to the holocaust, the fourth generation won’t hear what had happened there from first source.


Al important to memorize the holidays if the religions one and if the others. Every holiday had his own meaning – Passover for example, we actually turn around table and not just for the feed, the important event which take place every year around the table in that day, is the legacy of our roots, our existence. With the escape from Egypt we hadn’t sat to the table each holiday.


When we live our life, knowing our traditions but not act or try to understand what is actually the stories behind all our traditions, the meaning, not celebrate the holidays, just mark the day and move on, while several years we won’t remember nothing, we will forget our existence and our existence in our country will be in doubt.


Every society with no tradition to memorize and not values to keep, is not a healthy society. Even a human being with no memories left, won’t survive, won’t be healthy person, he will barely survive.





The same thing about country’s tradition, without knowing where we came from and from where our roots came, we, as a country, will not exist.  The forgetfulness blocking our will to live.



It is important and essential for our existence to govern social traditions otherwise, what kind of human being will we be?


My suggestion, in summary, to preserve tradition is never forget that we have land and a place to live, a country to return after all.
