Every society has its own traditions, by these traditions we can value and judge if this is a good society or not.


Traditions relate us to past – as we know – but some young people such as teens refuse these traditions and try to break the rules of the past by the rules of tomorrow.



For me… traditions are so important that we cannot ignore. In many countries traditions are more like “holy”, such as England, and the Arabian world.


I encourage some traditions but not all, because some traditions are not suitable for our present time or to the future.



On the other hand we cannot ignore the importance of some other traditions that help us to build a new world that’s base is guaranteed. Some of these traditions are used even in this day.


As I’ve said there are many countries which are related to the past in a strange way.


The most traditional society we know is the Arabian one, when we take a closer look for the Arabs we can see how much they are related to the past, some says it is because their religion … “Islam”. But I disagree with that opinion, because as we know, Arabs are Muslims and not Christians and much more religious, so I think that leads us to know and be sure that traditions are something of religion but not all, some are against religion but still as important as it.



We are in the 21st Century, and many teenagers have no respect for the past, this present day is as ambiguous as tomorrow. Teenagers are against the old traditions, they refuse to bend to it, and they want to create their own traditions by destroying the old ones. I can understand that because me myself is a teenager, but what I can’t understand is how we can leave the past??


I believe that traditions must take place in the present day.  Furthermore, teens must bend to it for their own good; else … this society or any society will be put to death!!! Some traditions are being destroyed by new generation, the generation of movies, play cards, and lazy.









On the other hand when we look on an old man we find him acts strangely, not because he is crazy, but because this man belongs to the past, so he acts as one who belongs to the past.


This man is very traditional because the past is a tradition by itself, the problem is that we cannot understand that, and here we can find conflict between the old and the new, and if the new didn’t complete the past, that means it is against it which leads us to know that when two different sides are against each other, there will be a kind of war between generations, and that could destroy the society. So we – as teenagers – must not fight the “old world”, instead, we must respect it unless we want death, and I am talking about ideological death in the same society.


At last, I wish to say that we belong to the past in one way or another so if we refuse it, we will be refusing ourselves.


Traditions are very important for us to know ho to face the future by the rules of the past that cannot die in any way.


He who has no past shall not have a future.


Traditions are very holy … don’t impure it!!
