The world is very big, and we find several countries in it. Every country almost has not only special language but also special culture that differs from the other countries. Every person in this world can speak or be able to speak two languages or more, that’s mean that every person in the world learn his country language which be the main language in the country and one other languages that should be in agreement from the government. The government chooses the languages that should learn also in the school, but the person can learn every language he wants with helping courses in several certain colleges.


The study of an other country language is very difficult because it depends on learning strange words that may be difficult in addition to different culture in which that language is spoken.  Some people feel inadequate to learn and to talk a foreign language; they think that learning other language is impossible, and hey feel an impotence to speak the foreign language very good and with no difficulties.


In my opinion, we will find many aspects of learning a foreign language that will be particularly confusing. Some of these aspects are to talk the foreign language with no difficulties and with no mistakes, to understand every word that we see or read; we will find many and several long words that will be difficult for the person who learn the language to read it correctly and with no mistakes, to understand the culture that speak this language and when someone want to learn a foreign language he must learn and know every new word that be use in the language that he learn.



In my opinion,  the person who want to learn a foreign language, and be very important to him to speak and learn this foreign language very well, he should go or in other world travel for several months or year to the country that speak the language that he learn and try to speak with the people that will be live in that country, and learn from that people new words and if he listen very well for the words the people in that country say and understand it and try to use that words in her spoken.

He must be in my opinion very well and very good in speaking the foreign language that he want, and in the end and after this travel the person who want to learn a foreign language should be overcome for the difficulties that he found in the foreign language that he learn. But not only he learn the language and use it in his trip to the country that speak this language, and after ending his trip he quit talking and using this language, but also he should continue to use this language and continue to read magazines, newspapers, stories and other things that make him related with the foreign language that he learn.





Finally I want to say that in my opinion, if someone want in you to learn any subject or any language and he has all the qualifications to do this thing, in addition to the support from the others this person should succeed in spite of all the difficulties. That mean the person can be overcome for all the difficulties that he will find in his learning, doing or work.



It is important to learn the person some and different languages and I encourage everyone who want to study a foreign language because in my opinion that the value of this study is that when someone want to travel to special country, he will find many difficulties to understand the culture of that  country and find also many difficulties to understand many thing and many words that them the people of this country, and if the person know the language of this country will be easy to him to understand everything that happen in that country. In the end the value be for the person who study several foreign languages and not for someone else.
