When I started learning English in the 7th grade, I had a big problem with understanding and with the spelling so my father decided to send me to the United Kingdom, where I can have courses in the English summer school.


When I arrived there, I didn’t understand what they were speaking to me, but few weeks later, I began to understand what they say and I found it easier. So I began to enjoy the language and enjoy speaking it because the English language is the most interesting and beautiful foreign language I speak. Later when I returned to school I became one of the best students in the English class. Therefore my parents decided to send me back there every summer, so I continue to good and even to become better.


Therefore, I think that if someone wants to study any language he should go the country that speaks the language and study it there cause only in this way you will learn the right language with the right spelling and accent, and then you can speak the language more and hear it more and more. So it is better than the class and with a teacher who isn’t English because in class you will speak English with the teacher and you can use English only in the exam.


Another thing that you can learn when you go to the country and study there and it is the culture.  So by learning the culture you will find it easy to get to know the people better and how they think and live. For example: when I was in England I saw how nice and kind they are and I learned how it is good to be kind with people and respect them, to be honest with. I didn’t use to thank people for everything they do to me and everywhere and I didn’t use to apologize for every mistake that I do, but now I do these things with no problem. There when you someone who is nice and kind and gentle you have to act with him the same way.


Worth to mention that ready stories in English and watching English programs are also good way to learn it, especially reading because with reading you can overcome the spelling problem and you will learn some phrases and words that my help you in the future, such as the exam that we are doing today. It would be better if at first you watch programs with translation but later you watch them without cause in this way, you’ll test your vocabulary and know how much you know.


All these ways that I mentioned above are good and successful ways to study a foreign language and even enjoy this language especially the English language which is a universal language and everyone everywhere speaks it.


I hope that you enjoyed ready my comprehension as much as I enjoyed writing it and thanks for giving me the chance to tell you how much I love the language and I really want to study it to get to know it better.
