In the world there is a lot of languages, each one have its culture, grammar, words. So each one of us have his own language, that he knows it very well.


To start learning a new, foreign language is difficult because it depends  learning both strange words and a different culture in which that language is spoken.



Because of this, if you want to study a foreign language you must be ready to face a new things, that you already have different things, you must fact them and learn about new civilization, that it would help your mind to accept the new information without any confusion.


The main confusing aspects of learning a foreign language are:



The most difficult one is its culture, tradition, because you have a different one that you know, and to learn another one that it have millions of strange things that you are not used to them.



The second problem is its strange words, that the language depends on them, you must learn them very well, because the language itself. Words contains grammar, as we all know grammar is the most important aspect for the language, because if you know grammar well you may not mistake in spelling and in expression, etc…

Spelling is also very hard aspect, because you are had your own language that you spell it, and you are not ready not accept another way. I mean, when you speak in your language you spell in some way, the new language that you might learn it of course would contain a new words, new letters, that to spell them you have to use another way, that you are not accustomed to it.


To overcome about all those problems and difficulties, you must start with learning the culture of the new foreign language, because it’s one of the most main important thing that the language rocking about.


You must not thing that learning a new culture is so hard; it may would be a little less hard if you try to compare your language to the new one.


All what mentioned is from what you really can do, you can start with the spelling, for example, find a new way to spell the new language, in your language, that means every strange thing in the new one, you make it regular and easy to yourself by your language. In this way you may learn faster, with fewer difficulties.



So to learn new language is not that problem, with all its confusing things, and the new things that it would contain.



In addition, you have to learn words of course; you can do it step by step, that means start to learn the “small” words, as we learned at school. By following and observing the way that I had mentioned above you might produce a desired effect, for sure.





As you see learning a new language is possible, with some patience, because you will face new things, strange things that you have to learn. All the problems that you may face can be solved, so take it easy, and do it right, step by step.
