Every thing that the people lean new, in my opinion, it’s a very good and very supervisor thing!



Its right that to have a lot of things to learn it will be difficult, but what about our education.


Now we are in the twenty one century this time that looking for educational mind and a culture one, because in these days everything becomes more difficult and more complex than the past. But if we come back to our issue, we can see the problem to become instructive – it is that we are afraid to insertion a new thing to our life … why?


In our life we are not accustomed for this all the time we have a same thing to do, the same thing to think about and then we will growing up in this line and nothing will become different… Let’s think twice, and let’s talk about my own experience.


I am a teenager that my first language is Arabic and I like the English language very much, but my problem is that I am not habitual from I was a little girl to speak this different language. Although this language became to be the most important language that is agreed from all over the world, and is not an extinct one.


Whatever, there are a few difficulties that we think that they are a hard difficulty, but from another side to learn a strange language it’s a wonderful thing. Now we need this language maybe in our future we will speak a strange language at last.


Therefore, now we have to work hard for insertion this language to our minds, and to have all the volition? to be tenacious in this new, strange and wondrous language.


And here I have to clear up that education it is a special thing to feel that we are living to learn every moment a new specific thing and the life will become more and more interesting and proper.


Finally, I would say that we have to learn from our mistakes, and to working hard for support the new coming generation.


And we have many ways, and the most important way in my opinion, is to start with them from the beginning of their life, to talk with them about a lot of things in a lot of different languages in many easy ways and finally they will be educated from smallness.


At last no thing is difficult the most import is to be define about everything one’s level best.
