Learning a foreign language is absolutely difficult, for several reasons: first, each person has his native language that he has been talking since his childhood, so it’s the easiest language to him; he hears it everyday, from home, from school, and from the public.



I think that learning any language should be in the first years of any child’s life.


I had an experience when I was five years old my father decided to visit the U.S.A., so we traveled with him, my bug sister was ten years old, it was difficult for us to learn English but my daddy said that I learned English faster than my big sister and when we come back to Israel it was very difficult for me to speak my native language, but my sister spoke it very well.


Second, a foreign language has its own letters, strange words, and grammar. Grammar is difficult in our native language, how can we learn grammar’s strange language, and that we didn’t talk yet. If we take doing something in life, any something happens we will have a problem, how can we learn a language that we didn’t take speaking it before.


Third, some people have a problem learning their own language, how can we teach them a foreign language that they have never heard about or never tried to talk. Everything strange in life is difficult.


I am not against learning a foreign language but I saying a fact that happens every day with each student that begins learning a strange language.


For example, when an Arabic student starts to learn English it is very difficult for him.


Learning English in Arabic school begins in the third grade and it is a big problem.  We should not forget that parents do not teach their children anything before going to school.


I think that to each problem there is a solution, that we can overcome all difficulties.


Parents can be the first and the faster way, they should teach their children the letters for the foreign language that their child will begin learning at school, that way he will go to school knowing all the letters and I thing that this will help him a lot.


If there is a problem that parents do not know this language they can send their child to an English course that feeds their child a lot and I think that it’s a good solution although it spends money. It is not a problem; all we need is to help our children and to overcome these problems.


I claim the school that they should begin teaching students the foreign language in the first grade and not in the third grade like Arabic schools, when a student learns this language in the first grade he won’t have difficulties in the present, and he will talk it as his native language.



I also claim the public cause I think that a lot of students listen to the public that English is hard, nobody succeed in it, we shouldn’t list to anybody we have to listen to our soul and mind.


We should not stop when we have a problem, we should look for a solution, and never go back we have to move to the front and maybe these problems gives us a push to the front.


Please do not ever give up, you have to work hard to live in this hardly life, and you can ask for help, from your teacher, parents, friends, and I am sure that you will find help.



In short, if anybody puts in his head to succeed he will, so put in your head to succeed in the foreign language and you will and remember do not never ever give up. And don’t forget that adding a new language to your own dictionary is very good isn’t it? Of course it does.
