I personally have studied during my short life 3 foreign languages: English, Arabic and French. In every language I found other difficulties. In Arabic it was the pronunciation of the words-talking most of the time from the throat emphasizing many of the syllables. In English it was the tone of "th" that made it difficult for me, and in French it was the appealing to other people and the expressions of purchase.


Learning a difficult language which includes 6 or even more time expressions it's very hard, especially for those who their first language has no more than 3 or four times. Take French as an example: only in past it has three time expressions – "imparfait", "pass'e compos'e'" and "pass'e simple".


Another problem in studying a new language is the pronunciation of words. In French you should know which parts of the word to say, and which parts are only written but not expressed when the word is being told. In Arabic as a second example, you should know which parts of the word to emphasize.


The culture in which the language is spoken also can difficult a lot of times. In French, for example the accent is very important – you should talk rapidly, also should slide from the end of one word to the beginning of the next one in the right places. When it's the Arabic's culture of speaking you should know in which stands to use the literary Arabic and in which to use the traditional Arabic (spoken Arabic).


In order to overcome these difficulties in studying a new foreign language many things can be done.

First of all before working on the grammar of the language it could be very helpful and beneficial to study words and increase the vocabulary. Furthermore, it can also be for getting to know it and for getting used to it. That way, the person who studies the foreign language can already be familiar with it by the moment he begins to learn it deeply.


Moreover, it can be very wise if while learning the language the person will go to a country or a district where the language is the first language of the residents. There he could learn practically the language. He or she will talk and communicate with locals only by talking this language. And by that way the person will get use to the right using in time expressions, to the right way of speaking and also will learn how to correct the mistakes that he did before.


I admit, learning a new language is a hard job, and it requires a lot of practice. It is a big task which includes in it enlarging the vocabulary, working on the accent, and getting to a situation when you actually can use all of what you have learned in order to read books in that language and to make conversations in that language; and even though there are a lot of difficulties in learning a new and foreign language it's not an impossible task, and it's worth it – it's worth every mistake that have been done in the way.
