1. Three months ago until I finished my studying in the high school. I have to think about my future, and what I want to learn. After a lot of thinking I decided to learn "English language and literature" in the university of Haifa.

Learning English language and literature in the university is not easy at all. And I have to face many difficulties.

The first difficult I faced was that I must do an English examination that his purpose is to test the candidate's ability to write a composition in English. The problem is not in writing an essay; it is that essay should be 600 words. This is the first time I should to write an essay with too many words, especially the essay should be written in English, which is a strange language for us in Israel country. But I think that I will succeed to write the essay.

I wish I will succeed in writing the composition and get a high mark that allows me to entrance the English department. I don't deny that the English language is very difficult, especially for us, the Arabian in Israel country. Because our first language is Arabic, the second is Hebrew and the third is English.

Because the English is the third language to us, and because we don't speak it in our country or use it in our day life, we don't speak English very well like Hebrew.

But there is a necessity to know English well.

On the one hand people who want to learn at university should know English because of their studying. On the other hand, English is an international language.


It is nice to learn a strange language and a different culture in spite all of the difficulties.

I decided to learn the English language and literature because it is a strange and a foreign language but is it an international language.

I like/want to study of this foreign language to know it more. Although I know that I have to face many difficulties.

We have difficulties of the English because we live in the middle east, and speaks Arabic and Hebrew, but know we have to study of a language and have our culture, and a culture of another continent, English language was first spoken in British and American the that it is a country in the Europe continent and the united states of American - country in the American continent. So, there is different spelling and pronunciation in English language




There is English of British and English of USA that makes the language more difficult to study. We don't forget the English literature that is it famous but it is very difficult. Because it is a known to us very well, we didn't learn it at school.

In spite of the difficulties that I will face I will learn English language and literature if they accept me in the department of English in the University of Haifa I will have to become acclimatize to the new situation and to take into account that in spite of the difficulty of the English language and literature it is accessible. This is my purpose, and to achieve it I have to study steadily and hard.

I will read much books about English literature, watch programs in channels that has programs in English like the news of CNN channel, speak more English, reading newspapers and many thinks I can do to improve my language and overcome the difficulties.


ad
