Social tradition demands that we imitate the values of the past. These values is very important because it is reflect people's personalities. Good behavior, obedience and benevolence are the characteristic of the traditional values in the past that have the authority to govern our social behavior, in this essay I am going to show how those values determines the behavior.



The first traditional value is the good behavior. Good behavior demands good manners that mean: to respect all the people without significance to there religious belonging. To talk with others politely, not to curse or fight them. Good behavior demands going far or leaving lie, stealing and adultery. These traditional values govern people's personality so they must to apply and not to leave it.



Obedience is the second traditional value. Every religion demands to obey the parents and to respect them. The parents always want the best to children. They guide them to the right way and instruct them how to behave because parents are more experienced in the life. It is known that the "experience is the best teacher". So we must to obey them and gain love and the respect of the society because it have the authority to govern people's- behavior.



The third value is the benevolence. This traditional value is considered an important one. Helping the others such as handicapped people likes dumb or blind. To help also poor people that can not meet their basic need such as food, clothes and house. Plus to assist the old people that have not any kindred or any blood relation person to the parents, the mother in cleaning the house or in cooking, the father by work and support the house. If you apply these values you will gain love of god and the society.



Finally, the social traditional values are very important to every society. I think that we must keep our values from lose and to convey it to the new generation. These values are the identity to any ethnic group that characters it from the other. In short the messes will dominate the society if we leave our traditional values.
