The study of a foreign language is difficult because it depends on learning both strange words and a different culture in which that language is spoken.

This is the issue which I chose to write about it.

The English, for example, is a foreign language for us, I mean the Israeli pupils and also as a citizen because English isn't our mother tongue, it considered as second language, but is it difficult for us to study it to reach it for our pupils who will bring our culture, our social tradition demand in the future and who will leave us to better future?



In my opinion that foreign language isn't difficult, it is very easy for everyone: young people, adults….but first of all you have to love this language and to be prepared every time to talk this language, to consider your ideas, to organize them, and you must have self confidence which allow you talk, study and listen to this language without frighten.



The second step is to know that you must study this language because you live in society which forces you to know everything without limits for your knowledge, and also to deal with many kinds of people, many and different kinds of ages, males or females children or adults either Israelis citizens or foreigner who will meet them in your trips at others countries for example: the different countries of Europe. And also you can meet them in your country, your business and every where you will go. But the important point is that the same thing which is participated for all those people is the foreign language and this provides to you that you must try to talk this language in order to deal wit those people without problems.



The third step is to sit at the suitable place: this mean that you have to sit at a suitable place which offers to you learning this language correctly and to deal with it in essay ways which always learn you many and many and also new things without frighten and without feelings the bored.

If we take the school, for example, as a suitable place which in it you can learn correct, new, different information for the foreign language, also you can listen in it the correct spelling of the foreign words and also how to write correctly in this language we will put this responsibility at the teacher.


So the fourth step is the responsibility of the teacher which is his academy offer for him the ways to learn and to teach his pupils, the sons of the life and of the future.

But the question is: can the teacher do it?













In my opinion that the teacher can do it bet he need the time to understand every pupil, to understand the difficulties that the pupil suffer from it and finally the responsibility of the teacher to solve and to overcome this difficulties, but it will add one more thing to the responsibility of the teacher because he know that in his class he will meet three groups that deal with the tongue language everyone as his ability, and the groups are:


1. the pupils whose their mother language is English, with this group the teacher have to deal with them as their high level of language, and also the work with them is alone this mean without the participating of other groups.


2. The pupils who can deal with the language with few problems but they always try to get the best, the important point that this group can speak, learn the language without problems just if the exercise very well in many kinds of questions in the language. The work with this group also will be alone to get the maximum from these pupils.

3. This group is the pupils who don't get the maximum in the language, this mean that they find that the language is very difficult and it is difficult to deal with it.

The pupils also find difficulties in writing, listening the English, speak it and can't understand the correct spelling and the correct grammar.  With those pupils the teacher will work hardly, without limit for studying and to remind them every time that they can do it easily if they want, of course with his help and also to remind it to use always the dictionary to learn new and new words, and to do every time the homework that can benefit them.


The next step is the responsibility of ourselves this mean that everyone have to know that he have to find the difficulties that he find it in the language when he deal with it… and of course to find the solutions for the those difficulties, the solutions are very easy and their will be more than one or two solution to each one.

The different solutions are:


1. Reading magazines and newspaper in this language and always to follow up the news.


2. Listening to foreign songs that will teach you new words.


3. Watching TV, programs that include learning new words which can help you.


And their many and many solutions.


Finally, I hope that everyone will do it without problems but the way is try,  and you will successful and always pay attention to learn new and new things as you can.
