2. first of all it is important to be able of knowing more than one language since the best and easy way to communicate with each other is with a common language, so before thinking of should you learn  another language or not you should know in order to speak or even ask for some information about a pulse you should know at least English.

About learning a foreign language indeed it is difficult because it depends on learning both strange words and a different culture in which the language is spoken, but it can't stop you from learning it, since there is nothing you plan to do and not finishing it.

Never the less in studying a different language you have never spoken or hear about it is extremely hued a ones but in a couple of weeks you my be able to start under studying the basic of a certain language, since everybody knows that at the beginning of a new think it does not matter what it is a subject a language or even a job it is difficult to start and enjoyable to finish.

What about the difficulties of a foreign language? Let us discuss such difficulties in brief.

Firs of all you should know the basic things of the language such as alphabets and then approach to the easy word, second, the ascent of language could be very hull the French language it is almost imposable to talk. The ascent plays a very important job of the language that you we speaking you should be confident and trend very well. In every language on earth it has it's on culture the process of levy and knowing the culture in the right way is difficult, for example, when I first moved to the us it was very difficult to adjust to the school to some friends and even the whole life, but step by step I began progress and finally I reached my aim.

I lived there for nine years and I learned some important thinks.

For me there are some particular confusing aspects such as the simple mistakes I have a problem of simple I definitely know how to talk.

Another difficulty is learning it the correct way you should not be metuken by any word or grammatical mistake, I think that if you try back and back, and practice more and more you can over come those difficulties. There are some other ways of over coming each like this proptary is to communicate with each other, speaking the language. Can offers you the chances to practice and it definitely helps you. I am telling you since I experienced lively life, thank God if you find some one you can understand a foreign language like you since it is not easy to find like that chance.

At last I like to say and recommend that a person most know at least one more language than his on and English. It does not mater if it is hard or far away from your home you most learn it. Stunt from today at this moment and find your way to the right direction. Do not loss a second.
