On a shining typical Saturday evening I was sitting with my father on our balcony, Saturday was his only day off, and as always, we were anxious to sit with him and not worry from surprising phone calls he gets from the hospital in case of emergency, well, my father is a pediatric surgeon, and having phone calls from the hospital was a typical thing, and we all got used to that, but on Saturday mornings we knew the hospital staff wouldn't dare to call, because it was our family day off, or to be more exact, it was my father's day off, something we waited for all week long.

So as I was sitting with him on our balcony we started talking about our culture and the way we use it on regular bases in our daily life.


He said: "you won't know how to live your future if you don't know your past, and your people's past". I started thinking about what he said, and I didn't stop thinking until I got into my bed and fell asleep, I didn't understand what he meant by saying that, so that only strengthened my will to understanding what he meant.

These thought never left my mind for a brief seconds because I always knew that my father's sayings were very important and full of wisdom.


Couple of years had passed from our conversation back then, and how time passed by, I have grown up and got older and wiser, but I never forgot that richen conversation I had with my father.


After thinking about it and finally understanding what he meant, I now can see how imitating our past can be a good thing.

For example, if we take the good cultural values of the Arabs, we can see that this population has good qualities and great habits; for example, the nice guest's welcoming (can be found in the bedwian side). When we go on trips to the western side of Israel and visiting the bedwians we can see that they treat guest's well, and they welcome their guests in a very nice way, or such as the ability to forgive and give honor to people these kind of things we should imitate because they will grant us better life and build a better future to the next generation, a past they can be proud of.

On the other hand, there are acts we shouldn't imitate from our past, such as horrible acts that were held in our past, for an example, the horrible acts of Hitler against the Jewish people, we can see that these acts has and will always have a big influence on the Jewish people and even on others, it left painful scars that will never heal, so, we should be very careful on what we do, and what we imitate.



The fact that the past has great impact on us and on the way we think and make clesicions shouldn't let us be very influenced, because as I have written above, past is not the only thing we should rely on, because how time passes, our thoughts are being influenced by the present acts they get much advanced.

I mean by that now, we can present things from happening such as bad acts that will leave a big mark on our past. For example, now, we can present a "future Hitler" from causing another Holocaust, because now people have the right to express their feelings and preventing these kind of acts from happening, an example for that, the united Nations organization, this kind of an organization works on preventing these acts and promising that no human rights are being used the whole way around.

So in this case, sometimes we should really think on what we imitate and what is the affect of these imitations on us and on our society and we should always set the benefit good on the first priority not ours.



I'm full of hope that the present we are living would be a past full of good things and will be something the new generation can rely on and benefit from it.

Let us be good people and make right decisions so that the future generation be proud of us and in what we have accomplished, and also be full of wisdom in what we imitate from our past.
