In my opinion, studying foreign language is a beautiful type of study, because if you have learned or studied many languages then you can travel to many countries that talk a very different languages and even unknown.

We can face difficulties in studying another language, because we will face different type of letters, word and even spelling, so it's not easy to do that.

Some people love to do that, and I'm one of them. My teacher, the English one, studied two languages: English and French, and I will just be like her, when I finish my college study. I'll study and take courses in Spanish, French, Germany and even Brazilian.

I realized that I'm going to have or face difficulties because of the difference of the letters shape and the different spelling, so I will work very hard to do this to get my purpose and my dream becomes true, that I will travel to different and foreign countries like India, china and Japan.

If the person has a great will to do something he will make it, even after getting old, this is my situation that I'm going to work and study, to go abroad to meet and those different cultures like: pharaoh's civilization, salh's city, Chinese civilization….etc.

Another way to overcome this difficulties is to learn a language is to use as possible as you can or to go abroad, to the country that talks this language and to stay there around two or three months to be able to talk and speak it correctly.


There are many ways to overcome those difficulties like to chat in the internet with people talk this language, or to surf in websites in this language.


As I think there is not something or someone that makes you not available to get your purpose and to throw over your dream.


Also there is some companies that need a translators for many different languages, like cars companies, that request translators English – Japanese or Japanese – English / Arabic/ Hebrew so if you own this quality and you know a lot about these languages there is some work that is waiting for you.

If you learned some ancient languages, you can translate the language that written an monuments in the museums or in countries own those kind of monuments like Egypt.

Many years ago, I was in Egypt, there I saw the pyramids and sphinx and I saw some words that written in foreign language that I don't know, while the Egyptian speak Arabic like us.

Since I'm so curious about this language, my dream was specific, so I will continue doing this, studying foreign languages until I will make my dream become true.


For example, my uncle studied ten different languages beside Arabic and Hebrew, specially the ancient languages, and now he is working in Egypt in a museum that he is amazing the ancient symbols and letters, and he is living there, every summer we all go there, and we also have fun and we will be near my cousins.






At last, I want to say that if you have a dream you have to make it true or, your life is not going to be with purpose, and you will feel that you're not doing any thing that make your society get benefit from you, so just work hard, and prove to us that you can make it.
