Everyone feels the real requirement and the exigency to know, to discover the world. And what does the word "world" means? People, cultures, values….but, there is one important thing which can easily recapitulate all of these meanings: languages. Different languages can explain clearly being different people, and how should people patronize each other, so, how can we know each other without talk? We have to learn!

In our society, the extant idea is that it's too hard to know another language and to speak to foreign people. What is the big mistake here? People are convinced that they have to be only in their own world, on the quiet. Some of people prefer not to travel abroad because they are so frightened from meeting foreign people and speak with them.

Those people don't know that being far away from each other is possessing gradually peoples' aesthetics and prevent it from move on…

On the other hand, there are many difficulties which are standing in front of our volition; these difficulties will pass of if we really want to continue our making.

One of those difficulties is the "volition", in my opinion, volition can work wonders, person who is pawing his volition and decision, sooner or later, and he will succeed.

But, another person who is so pessimistic, have no chance to make it. I think that this is the most important thing we have to know as a problem that we have to solve it too, if you want to achieve something, you have not to give up.

The second difficulty is the factual conditions; today we have so many commitments and less of time as well. In order to learn a new language, we have to save time for that, and also to get down to our ability of knowledge. Instead of that, some people, somehow, let their time and ability go, and may be they are thinking: "let it at so"...

I believe that the most complicated difficulty is the person's reaction.


Since the language needs a lot of conversations, some people feel shy to speak, may be because they can't understand every word in a conversation with a foreign person. They feel in bad way, so they go back on the idea of learning another language…

This is hard, but it can be solvable, be audacious and think about the enjoyment that you will have when you are considered as a good speaker man…


Well, we can't forget the fiscal side, there are many people who cant's pay for courses and teachers in order to learn languages as soon as possible, and to learn it very well you have to pay for someone who can teach you as you want.

So, if we think about that, you can work and pay money, or meet different people from different parts of the world as well.

Teaching foreign language help us to learn new culture and new traditions from the entire world, this is the best way to live with peace and love.

So, we can say that language is the real assistant to touch the human part in our huge world...









I just want to say that I'm a high school student, and I'm learning languages too, in the first time I thought that it's possible for me to being a good speaker in the English language, but now I'm sure that the difficulties which I had found before are not existent now, the reason is my own trust.


In the end I want to say, that we have no difficult in front on our ability, we have to move on and make the successful life.
