2. It is a very obvious that at life, on the one hand, there are difficult things to do.

I would say we should never give up on trying accomplishing these things that are hard for us to do.

We just have to keep on trying, until we eventually achieve our goals.


Consequently, we will be very satisfied.

Not to get to the main point of the issue, I must confess that studying a foreign language, is certainly, difficult for different reasons.

Because it is very different from you language for example.

Litters and grammar are totally different, from one language to another.

In my opinion, the most difficult and confusing thing, about learning a foreign language is basically grammar.

Although I don't have a huge problem at grammar.

But I shall say, it's most difficult thing for me. Sometime I have difficulties and problems, at spelling the complicated words.

It really happens to me, that I find it hard to understand the sentence, or the text.

So my main problem in studying a foreign language is grammar. In fact it's not that serious problem, however can't be ignored.


Therefore a problem like this can be solved easily, by taking a few simple steps towards it, of course if you are interested at overcoming your difficulties of learning a foreign language.

Personally, I have gotten a special help from other people, you can simply get a special teacher to help you. With the things, that you are not so good at.

If you don't want to do so, ask your own school teacher, to explain the things that you didn't understand over again.

I am positive, that it would be very useful. When coming back from school, you have to study one more time, the things you have learned at school, at that same day.

If you have problems at grammar, like I do, the best thing to do is exercising.

Because grammar is exactly like math, the more you exercise, to more you get benefit.

Another thing to do, is asking the help of the student that are pretty good, in the subject that you have a difficulty in.

I am sure that they will be very pleased, and happy to help you.

Moreover, they are more patient than any body else.

I think that the most appropriate thing to do is depending on you. And not relying on other's back, and waiting for their help. Because waiting would take advantage of you, and wouldn't be such good help, because waiting would take advantage of your time.

In contrast the situation will get worst, and you will feel boarded, and don't have any longer a desire to learn, which will cause ignoring yourself.

Frankly, when I had problem at grammar, I directly took cave of my problem, and handled it, and fortunately come over it.



Finally, my advice to you, never give up.

You have to fight and struggle, to overcome your problems, and not letting it defeated you.

If you have any problem and can't handle it yourself, search for people's help.

Because all that matter, is your own sake, and eventually, you will be very pleased of yourself.
