What is a foreign language? It is the language that we do not always speaks it or which one we can not understand it, because of many reasons which make the foreign language very difficult, such as, less using, difficulties in grammar, strange words, different culture and sometimes different accents such as, in English language, Arabic, Hebrew and others. In spite of those reasons we have solutions which help us to overcome the difficulties by many tools and inventions.


First, the less using of languages make him difficult to understand. Italy, Spain, English, Turkish and other many foreign languages. We have difficulties to understand him, because we do not use it in our daily life and because those languages are not our mother language. In spite of later reason there are many people whose know another language then their mother language.


Second, every language in the world has difficulties, such as, grammar difficulties. Arabic, English and French have to most grammar difficulties and problems over the world. In my opinion, the grammar is the most important part in every language.

These difficulties in the grammar caused by multiplicity of orthography, parts of speech, and rules in grammar.


Third, many words in our life have the same meaning. Goal, purpose, aim are examples of words in English have the same meaning. In my opinion, it is the major problem which makes the people especially the students confusing when they study a foreign language. In addition, the difference of the words in the past and in the present make the students confusing to, such as, Shakespeare in his novels and books used a different word we do not using it now. This problem makes reading books or novels in English for example is very difficult and not understood, because this words are strange until to whose speak English very well and English their mother language.


Furthermore, we listen around us many different of accents in many different languages, because of cultures multiplicity in the countries. English, Arabic, Hebrew are examples of languages which listen him everyday in our country in many different accents.

Cultures are major reason to appoint the accent of the language. For example, English language has two major accents, British and American accents; Arabic language has different accent until between Arabs lived in Israel or different accent between Lebanese and Iraqi. Hebrew is an example of using language different accent.


However, these difficulties we can overcome it by reading, studying and using internet. Students who study in the universities could overcome these difficulties by studying this foreign language, reading books, novels, newspapers, speaking with students whose speak foreign language. In addition, we have a new invention which helps us to communicate with people from other country, called internet. TV, radio, could help us to communicate with other people speak other language.







Finally, everything around us has a problems and difficulties, but every difficulties have a solutions to solve our problems and to overcome the difficulties have to check very well the solutions.

Language is a big problem in our life, it is the conversation language between the nations, and we have to study and to teach our children those languages to help him to communicate with other over the world.


ad
