As an Arab student, studying in Haifa University, I don't have any difficulties in the Hebrew language, but, I do have a problem and difficulties using English language.

The most difficult aspect in English in its grammar, however, it can be easy if we use it through our daily life. We can speak English and I mean excellent English every day with some friends or chatting with foreign people from all over the world on the internet.


We may learn from them and learn from our mistakes by the time. Although, watching TV can help, personally I had earned my good English by watching some American or European channels on TV.

Other way to deal with foreign language as English is to speake this language as our mother language, and never forgets to use it, firs of all; strange words in English can be studied easily by studying new strange words from the dictionary or earning it from different sources which I have mentioned it before.

Second thing, different culture can be easy to know it, we can study literature or read some articles of this culture, it helps us to feel that we live this culture.

In school I and my class mates had found that the English language is difficult, what we did was to organize a trip to Europe which we are going to meet some foreign students from England.


This was an exchange between two high schools, our school and the other school of English people. In this way we have lived their culture in England and studied from them the correct way to speak English.

Until today I find English as easy as Arabic, but sometimes the only problem is the new words which I hear day by day, but I get over it by searching these new words in the dictionary and know what they mean.

I used to write some poems in Arabic, now I started to write in English and I have no problem to express myself.

Foreign language as English must be dealt with every day and never stop using it, even if we want to read a newspaper it can be in English, its interesting to read it, sometime when I read an English newspaper I feel myself as one of those foreign people who live overseas.

Listening to English music is lovely and helpful; it's no difficult to understand what they mean in the songs. Everyday we learn something new and in this way we turn to be professional in foreign language.

As the same as English, Hebrew is second language for me but it's so easy because when I was a little boy my mom used to teach me some words and let me watch programs on TV which was in Hebrew, by the time she sent me to tennis lessons in a club near Haifa, I played tennis for 12 years and I was the only Arab guy between my Jewish friend. They were like a family for me, they helped me to get over my fears in using Hebrew daily with them and here I am today speaking Hebrew as any Jewish guy in this country, and if I speak Hebrew in front any body on one knows that I'm Arab guy.









English and other foreign language can be like Hebrew and my mother language, the most helpful way is to use it as much as we can even if it takes a long time…why the American baby speaks English better than me?


He reaches 10 years old and he knows everything almost. I can be like him and everyone can speak English or any other language, I don't think it's a big deal…if we take it easy from the firs time, finally it would be like a game.
