The question it, therefore, is whether social tradition is good or bad to society. Tradition contributes the society due to its power to keep everything in its "natural" position and to define each member of the society in what "class" he is and what are his rules and functions.

However, tradition can also cause damage due to its aptitude to object modernized behaviors and changes in general, which actually prevents progress are development from taking place.

Therefore, despite the advantages of social trades I believe it is better for me and my children to grow up in society which opens several of possibilities to any member of it.


However, I do believe that there are some aspects of social tradition which are needed to be preserved.

First, honoring the elders. I believe it is the most important value of all. A person who does not respect older people does not respect him self.


Secondly, the value of a family. I believe that a family cell is the seed of every society. Therefore, a healthy family is a seed to a healthy society.


In a family, a society member learns most of the society rules and values, and the way he is thought to act towards his sibling and parents is the way that he will act and coexist with other members of the society.


The last value which I believe should be obeyed to is the value of modesty.

In the modern world, where fashion and popularity dictate our lives, we all try to find our place and accomplish more and more achievements in many ranges such as: love, popularity, desirable jobs and so on. To achieve all this, we have to participate in a continuous competition.

Therefore we want people to pay attention to us so we dress more provocative, we patronizing our friends and we "step" on other on our way to the top. I believe we should all become a little more modest. By being modest we convey a message of respect first of all towards ourselves, and than to others.



I believe this number of rules that were given to us by the social tradition are the keys to a healthy and harmonize society.

Although they were the fundamentals of the old societies, these values will nor present from our society to develop and advance, but on the contrary these values will assist our society to achieve these noble goals and on the most positive sides.
