I think that the difficulties of a foreign language us not only depends on learning strange words and a different culture, but also depends on the levels of the learn and the way of teaching. All that depends on what foreign language we are studying and how the person can absorb lessons, and how we handle with these difficulties.


The aspect's of learning a foreign language I think that is confusing we, and I feel that will a problem, is what I written the levels of learn, the way of teaching, in addition to that, what language I learn. For example the English language is not easy, but it is still easier than any foreign language I know.


More aspects are confusing in learning of foreign language is the time, many people stay learn along time, one or tow years, it is a very long time for just a foreign language. Moreover, the please and the institution of learn for example, many students want to study abroad (out of his country) that claimed and requires from them to study first the language of the country how want to study in it, this thing will be difficult for them…because it will take along time…


If we talk about the institution, this thing is important assort of, but it is not from the difficulties of learning a foreign language…


Despite of all these difficulties and how hard to learn a foreign language, nothing impossible and there is no problem without a solution.


My opinion, there is many solutions and ways to over come all the difficulties.



If some one wants to learn a foreign language he must take advantage of all the difficulties, what he know and what he did not know…

I want to start with the strange words and different culture, there is no one in the world know every thing, we must learn and study and go behind the knowledge, because without knowledge we will face move difficulties and confusing aspects of learning, the person must be focus and pay attention to what he learn and study especially the new things and the new words…



To overcome the difficult of culture of the language is also depends on how the person who learn is working and studying, another thing is important to overcome is the background knowledge and what he knows about the language, in addition to his vocabulary and how many words he know…






The solution of the other difficulties, like the lime the place etc…, is not limited like the strange words and studying the culture of the language, but it is also depends on the work and the study of the person, because if someone for example want to learn any foreign language or any subject and he don't work and study very hard to overcome these difficulties, he will fail and he must restart his learn and take a long time from him, so if he works hard and seriously it will take a short time, in this way he will win more time and win himself.


The other difficulties in my opinion in not seriously same as what written above, and it some person overcome these difficulties, there is no problem to over come the other difficulties.
