First I want to talk about choosing this topic or this subject because its problem had every time in our life especially how want to learn about different culture more and more.

The kind of difficult aspects when we what to learn in hi school's and university's how speak or learn just in foreign language. This is mean to try to understand three things.

1. Understand the language we learn

2. To writ the words

3. To understand our subject



And this problem must the student specially in first year "hearing this language and they will overcome this problems to learn hard words and try to use this words daily in his life in home with his family, (if they know the language he learn), to become acquainted some one arbitrate must of the time with him (in the work for example) to read stories in this language because reading learn how to write a composition and to overcome problem's in dictation and help to save the words we learn in our mind.


Another system to brace our language, when we what to see TV we should not looking in translation and we must listen and try understand what going on with the film or the program we see.

The difficulties that I writ was this how protest the student in his study specific they how learn foreign language but there another people how protest difficulties in this topic.


Like people want to visit country not speak similar language and her will be the propylene.

If this person don't know speak this language at all how he can to buy thing's so important like food, clothes, and how he can to travel in this country her ambuscade the important to learn foreign language and especially the language society of the world use it's so mach like English French….

And in this case really I don't now how to behavior in this case.

If you ask me I will not visit country I don't speak the language they used in this country.



Of course the solution existing but I don't now how to overcome especially in this case because if I will now the solution I will help myself.

I like to learn different culture especially from the people how live or know the social tradition in this culture.

By learning different language we can linkage the culture on in other so we can make the world small and the people will be alike.

If we learn language specific we don't know much about his people and his behavior our sight about this people will be change to the better.
