Writing poem is not easy at all, of course I mean for the true poet. Not any one can set in a sunny day and synthesize poem. To be poet there has to be some criterion. When we talk about real poet they surely has to be real reader it is not enough to read a poem, the reader need to get the point from the poem, need to know what it is all about. There is two kinds of poem, the one is ancient poem and the other is fresh poem, usually the ancient one seems to be more complex to understand it.



The more important to know is the criterion poet needs to get: the poet's character featured as a special and deeper one. He or she needs to be witted, smart, creator, and of course to have an imaginative invention. To have a real poem there has to be gaps in it, that lead us to more exciting read. Sometimes the gaps featured in way that the poet writing in his poem about specific idea but in reality he meant something else.


This is the real writing and that what makes us analysis the poem in order to understand the main point that seems to us abstruse for the first time. That is why the reader too needs to be smart.

It is known that as poem as idiom in any language, we must give the whole meaning not the literal meaning when we analyze it in order to understand the point.





When the poet started to write his/her poem he/she must through the case that they talk about ; for example, when the poet lose somebody dear he/she feel depress, sorrow that what makes the poem so clad that we can touch the poet's soul and live with him/her the case. In conclusion I think that create process of interpreting poetry is not easy that much, nevertheless, to take something read it once, twice and more or less try to understand the point won't be that hard to analyze it in some way or other there has to be a real connection between the poet and the reader and to have this connection for the poet he/she ,must live the case they talk about in their poem and for the reader he/she must at least share their feelings so that together they can create a real poem that could talks about any one of us not just the poet.
