"That's true" because sometimes we feel that it is impossible to express our feelings, by words, the main reason which prevent others to understand us in the right way.

I think that sometimes, it is so difficult for people to make communication between their thoughts and feelings, maybe because their feelings are undescribed by words, or maybe they can't find appropriate words to express their feelings. Not just that, but also we can face another problem which can be included in "Thoughts feelings problem", and that is: sometimes disgusting, we try to find the suitable word in the same language by it we discuss, but sorrowfully we fail and mouthpiece it by another language which seems to be strange language according to what we talk over.

But all of us know that many things in our life is out of our choice, that means we forced to adapt it, how much its difficulties are! And how much the condition we found in get more and more hard! Because at the end we have to express what we feel by words, even if some words seem to be strange according to the language by it we speak.

Moreover, many times we response: "it is impossible to say just what I mean" because we don't want others to participate us in our feelings, for example: we feel bad and miserable at that moment and we don't want anyone to feel such as us …

So… we can see that there is so many translations relate to this short sentence which included so many concepts and meanings. In addition, we have to relate each concept to its suitable condition. For example, when face this problem that mean when my response is like that:" It's so difficult, but more than difficult – impossible – for me to say what I mean", I am immediately imagine myself like "a fish in the sea", because when I see this sight, I feel that this fish wants to talk or to express its feelings but sorrowfully it fails, and I get the top in my result when I see this fish breaths under the water and many bubbles come from its mouth!!

Believe me!! That fish in this situation is more easy than us while we face "thoughts" "feelings",  "problems", because bubbles can be the alternative to the words which the fish tries to speak or it can be the alternative to the feelings which the fish tries to express, this from one hand… in the other hand, according to us, when we try to look for the alternative of any word, we face another problem when we begin to ask for a rescue by words from other strange languages to express our feelings.

At the end we can say that it's impossible for us to have perfect life or to get the top because when we face any problem and begin trying to find its situation, many times we fail and convince ourselves by the sentence: "that isn't what we wish and what we like, … that's out of our choice…", so we can understand an important advice that tells to make use of all languages or even any words we learned in order to help us and solve this complicated problem, despite the fact that all of us know that isn't the solution. We can feel satisfaction, when we find the suitable word even if it is in strange and different language we speak in.

All that in order to express our feelings and thoughts by words… the most difficult method to let others understand what we really mean…
