the next generation will able to deal with a real problem, our children's education while the parents have been succeeded in their careers, the children learn most of their manners from TV show "streets manners", friends, in other words their education base on popular manners, stereotypes.

The get only the outsider manner without any ideas or ideals they grow up without any individual goal.

Moreover, we are witnesses to a danger state, which children are committed suicide, are of these task's goal is how to deal and solve this problem. In my opinion, we can't solve one problem without the others.

We are going to describe the problem in details.

In one hand, father works hard; he wakes up early and returns too late for children, who are sleeping. In weekends father doesn't have the urge to "fight" and being the "bad", so he accept everything and have our problem start which I explain later.

On the other hand, mother deals with the children but without her husband she can't deal and argue with children alone.

As a result, she will never be the "bad" she will never say "No" about something. Again children don't see their parents at home, they do whatever, and outside they do what in their mind. Do we ask ourselves, what our children do and get in school? Do they have grades only or they should get good manners too?

Whom friends my children are? What kind of education do they get? What manners do they have? Did I see one of them yet?

Parents have to understand that it can't be possible to educate your children without caring the urge and if you don't want to, the same you want you successful in work, it is critical.

Children's education depends on this urge and capacity to work and educate them.

Stage one on solving this problem is: earn the urge.

On stage two, we will explain what kind of influence the parents have. More than 70 percent of children's brain, learn and do the same what they see. For example: if my child notice that his father spend his time by watching TV he'll do the same, in contrary, if my child notice that his father is reading in his "free time", he'll do the same.

The consequences are whom parents are developing their career instead of their children, don't be surprise if your child is the same …….boy.

Stage one suggests that parents must decide to educate their children not teacher either the neighbor.

Stage two on solving this problem after you have got the decision, is being at home with your children, show them what is right and what is wrong, sit and learn with them, help them in homework.

Help your child develop himself the best he can reach.

You must say "No", when you should. Do you know whom friends your children are show him yourself and like a mirror he'll return you what you give.
