Go out on the street and ask ten people about what they think is a hero. And you will get ten different answers, because nobody thinks the same.

Who is the hero? And how you imagine him? What must person to do in order to become a hero or there is no necessity at all.

In the word dictionary hero is defined as a "person of super human power". Some people believe in that, mostly children. In their earlier age their minds are very flexible and open to external influences. They cannot consider seriously and analyze the facts: in addition parents tell them a fabulous tales about demigods and people that doing good deeds, rescuing others, fight the evil and eventually winning it. Thus for the children hero is the superman that has tremendous power, flying over the city, and protecting his citizens from the evil.



However, not only children believe in heroes, also we adults tend to believe in "happy end". Our beliefs, our hopes that all things and affairs that happening no matter where (if it in our house, country or in the whole world) finally ends with good or positive outcomes. For instance, by the 20th century "Hollywood" and many other big movie companies have produced a great number of movies based on comics and tales like "Aladdin", "Gladiator", "Dread Evil", "Batman", and other films.

In other hand in our real world there are many people who can be considered a hero.

We regard an inventors and discoverers as a hero. I think yes we can. A scientist that discovers or creates a new medicine against mortal disease that saving a thousand of people becomes an instant hero. Like a plain veterinary surgeon became a hero after that he has discovered vaccine against small pox or Charles Armstrong, for example, when he set his foot on the moon, he also became a national hero. All theses people and many others that did remarkable things for welfare of humanity are significant for people of our society. And merits to be called a hero.





In my opinion, there are many people that do not doing notable things, however, also deserving to carry name of hero. These are the "silent heroes": teachers, doctors and even it can be your neighbor. Those people that doing good deeds, always help us, support other people, but standing in the shadow and not trying to be very conspicuous. They all are the heroes.
