In some occasions people can't express their feelings by language, because they think or feel that these are no words that can express in a right way what they really feel.

For example when someone really close to you go through an accident and dies you would be in a terrible shock that you will not be able to say how much you are sad or how much you are going to miss him/her, you find that without words you can show your sadness much more than using words that sometimes can be empty and has no meaning for us.

Also at happy moments we can show our feelings without words, for instance you have been working in another country and you have not seen your family and friends for more than a year and the minute you see them the first reaction is not words it will be tears and a lot of hugs and kisses that we find the best way to reach the person in front of us and that we care about, and we can feel close to him/her more by this way.


Sometimes out of habit people cannot show their feelings or thoughts by language. When you got used not telling anyone about your feelings your thoughts or your plans for your life you will find yourself unable to communicate with people by talking or by a conversation, you would find that although you know exactly how you feel or what you are going to say, you would not be really able to say the right words or the right thought.


Out of experience, I can tell that when you get used not talking to people around you, words would be more and more difficult for you.

All my life I have been unsociable person and not telling anyone around me what I feel, what I love what I hate and I did not allow anyone to get into my personal life or to know my problems., my fears, my hopes, my dreams. Even when I have …great thought that I intend to say it to someone. I cannot translate that into words. Always at important occasions, I lose my words or I say the wrong words so the words are killing, the real feelings and are showing wrong feelings or other feelings. So I rather not talking when there is something important but people around us complaining about my silence or about my short speech. When I am sitting between a group and we have a discussion about an important issue on my mind I have a lot of great thoughts but I can not express them by the words, my words go out unorganized well and short. When there are another ways beside language we find it better than talking like expressions on our faces like smiles, tears, angry face, we have also hugs and kisses to show our affection toward someone we care about. Using words would be unnecessary.

Sometimes, I think that if words are really having a great importance how can free people communicate not always words are the best way to reach people around us.

So, the sentence "It is impossible to say just what I mean" is a very common sentence and happens very often that we use or say this sentence.

Although, different languages have so many words and very rich of beautiful expressions sometimes that is not giving us any help to express or to translate our feelings, or can not be enough or useful in appropriate way just like we want. Some feelings can not be translated into words because we find that words can be shallow against our feelings.
