People say that today's world looks like a tiny village. Some consider themselves to be citizens of the planet, while the others try to keep their traditions.


Still it became nowadays more difficult to achieve such a goal. By keeping our traditions and cultural integrity, we basically divide ourselves from the greater world, but in a world where more societies become alike, it is even harder to stay with a distinctive identity.


A process of integrity, on one hand makes it more difficult for the community to keep its colors and to defend its identity. While on the other hand many argue that from such a process a particular ethnic community can only benefit.


Those who argue against the process of integrity, say hat it affects and damages the old traditions.


On the other side, those who encourage the process claim that combines society learns from each other and is able to develop itself faster and productively.


To my mind, it is almost impossible to stay as a lonely island in a world that turns itself practically into one piece. But still there are communities, for instance, the Indians, who try to stay as an ethnic community. In fact, it's not an easy thing to do, also when living among one of the biggest communities in the world such as the United States. Indians try to keep their traditions the way they used to centuries ago.





My belief is that a particular ethnic community, while living in a complex society, can't in fact stay completely divided, it will be always influenced by the society it's living in. Its cultured integrity depends on it's will to keep its traditions.


Also such an integrity depends on the influence that the greater whole creating on the ethnic community. However if a particular community knows its history and is ware that integrity process is mostly part of our reality, it would know how to balance its own way. Such a community will try to live among the society and not against it. While teaching and learning about their own tradition, in their own language as the Jewish community did while living in Diaspora. In fact, Jewish community can be taken as one of the greater example of such a phenomena. It is a living proof that it is possible to defend its distinctive identity.
