This sentence reflects plainly the difficulty to use language to communicate thoughts and feelings in our society.


In our society a person must be obedient in order to survive. This obedience means that you can't express your deepest whishes and thoughts verbally if they are unacceptable.



Tersely,  if you say something popular the society will accept you and you will be considered as "In", nevertheless, if your secret ideas unconventional, you will be considered as an exceptional person in our rigid and demanding society = "Out".



Froid, the head of psychoanalysis, established the 3 stages theory that lumps together 3 different phases for consciousness conditions. The conscious phase, the unconscious phase, and what's between those two phases. His goal was to explore man's deepest thoughts by hypnosis and by interpretation dreams.

Even then, they were many people who opposed faintly for his ideas regarding the "unconscious". This history fact proves and demonstrates the taboo to express our hidden feeling and thoughts openly in public.

There are several reasons that explain why it is so difficult for people to use language openly.


First, the most important reason is that people afraid to "just say what they mean", due to the fact that they don't want to be valued negatively as an outcast.

Naturally, man will have a difficult and tiresome life if he is considered to be "scapegoat".

The fear from excommunication is the main cause to repress our desire to say "just what we mean".

Secondly, if people were patient and willing to listen calmly to other people opinion's we would gain the opportunity to be exposed to new concepts and to develop our mind. The ability to be open minded is the advantage that we have over animals.


Can you imagine what could have happened if the world had been static? No doubt, it is necessary that people will unmask and talk sincerely about their thoughts. Unless they speak freely we won't have effective intellectual environment to develop in.

Today, there are many talk shows that are being produced all the time in order to enrich the public's knowledge. For example: "Popolitica" is a show filled by different political opinions. Very participant can express his opinion and ideas regarding a specific issue. This example demonstrates the desire of our society, as demonstrated in the media, to become uncovered to new concepts and ideas.

The society has the need to develop and advance together with the development in areas such as: science, society, economy, and psychology – areas in life that capable to be changed all the time.



There are a lot of refresher courses that teach people how to communicate in assertive ways in order to bring the person who is listening in front of you to comprehend what you mean and accept the fact that one can have a unique opinion regarding a specific issue.





In conclusion, we don't have top approve and to agree to any odd or freak idea that we heard, but it will be very nice if we understand the fact that every person is unique and have the right to express his or her thoughts and feelings regarding an issue.

Our world will be a nicer place to live in if we work hard to listen to one another openly.
