<mt= Arabic>


In fact I believe that there is no existence of heroes. Maybe my concept of this widespread phenomenon sounds a little bit stupid, but that is what I believe in. as a matter of fact I feel ashamed of having a certain hero or heroine. My reason for is so simple and logical. It's because I think that no one is perfect and complete perfection can't be found in any human.  However, I can't deny that some people are talented in certain things. It's a well known fact that heroes these days are so popular that they have the ability to make their fans imitate them even if the fans themselves know that they are doing nasty things, no matter how bad these things are, these crazy fans will never hesitate to follow their heroes' behavior.


I'm completely convinced that this phenomenon is going to be more popular by the time, because the human's mind seems to be getting smaller, and it can be influenced by any silly thing. There are many kind of heroes, sports heroes, music heroes, TV heroes and national heroes.

A national hero is a person, who has become a hero because of something he has done to his nation, and this thing has left a great impression on the citizens of his nation, that's how a person can become a national hero.

The truth is that kind of heroes are going to disappear with no trace, as people these days aren't interested in their nations anymore, all they care about is how to live an enjoyable life and listening to these stupid new songs instead of listening to their national anthem.


Sometimes having a national hero might not be right, because some of them became heroes without doing anything to their countries, what made them heroes is unclear history stories or claiming of doing something they didn't do.


I guess that having a certain hero depends on each one's personality. For example, a person who is interested in basketball, his hero is expected to be a professional basketball player.

In my opinion, it's not wrong is to have a hero, but what is wrong, to let this hero spoil our life.


There is a positive side of having a hero is that being admired by a certain successful just like him instead of being always satisfied of what we are.

Actually, I'm from an occupied area that belongs to Syria, but now we are living under the Israeli an occupation, which always seems to have no mercy.

The revolutions that took place a long time ago are a proof of how much my grandfathers suffered when they were trying their best to keep their national respect as an independent area.







"Al Basha" is one of the bravest leaders in my society. He is known as the most faithful leader to my nation, because he joined in all the revolutions that happened in our occupied area. What's special about him that he was so brilliant in the fighting strategy, he had the ability to kill five men by his sharp shining sword.





Al Basha has scarified to our society more than the other leaders who spent all their lives defending their nation.

The most heroic action that Al Basha gas made is killing an Israeli officer in the last battle he joined; this event is called in my society "The Big Victory".

After that heroic event Al Basha has become the most important person in our area. What made us consider him a hero is because people of our area were suffering a lot of the Israeli occupation and killing an officer was the bravest thing a leader could do.
