I love you! I hate you! I like you! I want this or that… all of these are sentences and words which signify feelings. But as much as we try to show people what we really feel about them, we always fail, because of the reason that human beings can't succeed to express their true feelings and thoughts by words.

So many times happens that we say a sentence and when we finish what we want to say, we get surprised when we notice that we have not said what we really wanted to mean!


Although, each one of us knows what he feels and knows, what he thinks about clearly, due to the reason that the world of imagination is unlimited and the dictionary of words some way is limited. Besides, each person has his own personal imagination, beliefs and thoughts. So, usually it's not so easy to express them by using languages to other people.



The reason for all these problems in communication are the stress that we all live in because of the responsibilities that we have.

Our personal problems, social problems and more of what we spend most of our time thinking about and what makes us not concentrated when we talk to other people or when we have a chat with a friend or a stranger.

In addition, one of the reasons that cause some difficulties in communication is the differences in people's beliefs and thoughts. For example, when you want to show someone that you agree about a specific thing, and in the same time he wants to show you that he refuses the same thing, and the both of you can't express what you really mean, and the reason that makes you have this idea, then happened a misunderstanding between you two, or a fight!

What I really want to show here is sometimes a very small problem like this can cause bigger problems, and if we don't find the easier way to express the main thing of what we think about or feel we will get into many stupid problems and arguments which are unreasonable.



Therefore, we have to be able not to lose out temper easily, to be patient and unselfish when we talk to others because everybody has feelings and we should avoid some sensitive subjects if we want to have a better chat.

Moreover, we3 should spell each word when we talk clearly and correctly, also talk slowly if we want others to understand what we are talking about and what the idea that we want to express is.



Also concentrating is one of the main reasons that helps us to create a better communication with others, a person should be concentrated when hew talks, he should feels what he talks about and thinks just about it, and doesn't think about his personal problems all the time. Because usually people who have so many problems at home, no matter if it is a financial or in their relationship with their family – try to avoid being popular or any contact with others, afraid to be in a situation that they have to tell what they feel or what they faced and if they finally talk about it they don't succeed to express what they really have been throw and what they really faced, because sometimes words aren't enough to express our big hatred or love toward others.



Such as when the word "hatred" that is made from six letters can't express the true meaning of it. And it is the same thing for the word "love", four letters can't express what we truly feel in our heart, despite the fact that sometimes the same word has different meaning for each person and sometimes to express the same feelings people use different words.


But in the end each one of them have the feeling that he hasn't said what he really meant! The known "problem" that will never end!
