Through thousands of years, since the creation of the world, since man first encountered other people in a society, the concept of "hero" was born. It could have been born due To the need to qualify or name a person who performs magnificent deeds.

But despite us believing that we have a crystal clear idea of what a real hero represents, the answer To the question: "what make a hero, and when does someone become one, remains being a mystery.

There are, indeed, in our society different concepts of what a hero is for each and every one of us. Furthermore, there are of course different images of a hero in every person's mind, the single truth is though: everyone sees a hero through one's eyes, Feels what a hero is inside his soul and consider someone a "hero" due To his beliefs, or even feelings.

We would agree, then, on stating, that a hero is someone different to every one of us.


In my opinion, a person can be considered a hero, not For what he belongs, owns or promises To do, rather then someone, who without expecting anything in return, gives his hand To the ones who are above to "fall".

A hero, is a person, who identities himself with other people tears, who gives a wise advice to help a friend and puts his life in danger, risking everything  he was To save people, that sometimes he doesn't even know. But most of all a hero is a person who is willing to give up on his life, to save many others, sometime, without even giving away his identity.

A clear example of a hero can be seen here in Israel, every time that a soldier

looks his life defending this country, when a mother struggles against the impossible, To give her children a better life; when a person is willing To do whatever it takes, with the purpose of a keeping a promise, maintain a belief or accomplish an idea or goal.

To me, each and every one of us can become a hero, it only takes a second in our lives when we decide to stand up from our chairs and fight till the end in order To achieve a dream, regardless what may happen at the end of the way. It only takes tenacity, straightforward ness and passion.



Even though, I may have the concept of a hero clear in my mind, and even while writing this essay many names, some well known, some not so much, can come to my mind and memory, of people I consider "heroes", the hero I will write about, in contrast, is not a name of someone famous, or something tenacious that someone did, but simply a number: 6,000,000 Jews. Due to the fact, that to my opinion, those people are the most admirable heroes, I can think of 6 million people that gave up their lives, in order to save us all today.



What all those people did to our society, cannot be considered significant, or brave, but something that will remain in every Jew's heart forever. Since all those human beings went through, and suffered and faced with so much tenacity, cannot be forgotten, only admired. We, owe them what we are now, since now we can yell out loud that we are Jews, that nowadays we have a land to torn to when we have nowhere else to go, and lastly because even now, we look up to those Jews, those helves, continuing with their promise: to fight for what we are.


To sum up, the 6,000,000 Jew's "heroic action" has become not only a significant in our society, but a present that was given to us, by people who part of them we never met, but still admire and wonk till today. People who without knowing it, did the biggest "heroic action" someone ever did for end in our society.


For these and many other reasons, my concept at hero is expressed and shown in the souls of each and everyone who died in the holocaust. And For this, we should say a prayer for them, and remember what they did, since they mode us who we are now, and understand that there is no other hero, but them.


To finish, I would like to say that to me, every one of us has a hero inside his heart, waiting To be set free, and have the chance to Fly.
