Astrology is a type of divination based on the theory that the positions and movements of the stars, planets, sun, and moon at the time of birth influence a person's life. In its psychological form, astrology is a type of New Age therapy used for one's self-understanding and personality analysis.  The most popular form of traditional Western astrology is sun sign (Scorpio, Libra, Sagittarius etc') astrology, the kind found in the horoscopes of many daily newspapers. A horoscope is an astrological forecast, which millions of people around the world read on a daily basis. But why do they?

Many people read their sign's astrological forecast out of boredom, or for no specific reason. It is accessible- every newspaper and magazine nowadays dedicates a page or two for horoscope columns. In addition, a horoscope forecast is broadcasted on different media means, and it gained momentum even on the internet. The wide spread of astrological forecast makes it legitimate even for people who don’t necessarily believe in it.

Others, on the other hand, believe in astrology and express true inters in it. Although its reliability has never been proved, some people consider it a science and enjoy learning more about it. People who constantly read their horoscope do it, amongst other reasons, to fulfill a human need- the need to have something to believe and to hold on to, something that can guide them through life. Astrology is considered to be a spiritual field, and in such a material world, people seek spirituality.

Even though most astrological forecasts tend to be vague and general (for example: "there are things that could become endangered if you don't cultivate them") in order to be valid for everyone, astrology does have a more personal side. The possibility to create a birth map and a personality analysis for a person according to his\her basic details makes people feel clearer about themselves, or about the way they should be. In addition, the characteristics astrology emphasizes for each zodiac sign- Geminis are hyperactive, Cancers are domestic people etc'- makes people feel psychologically comfortable. Most people easily relate to those characterizations. Having specific definitions for their personality gives people the feeling that their qualities, as well as their flaws, have been approved from above.

The simplest reason why people read their astrological forecast is the human wish to discover the unknown. The future is a great inters for people, and as human beings, it's hard to resist the lure of finding out what it holds. By reading the forecast and thinking we know what will happen next, we feel invincible. We get prepared, we follow the advice offered by some astrologist and we have Saturn to blame for our misfortunes.

In conclusion, astrology is definitely a popular matter around the world, for many reasons. We can effortlessly draw a picturesque picture of its many uses. Astrology deals with man, and tries to find a divine explanation for mankind's problems. As many fields of its kind, it's all about one thing: the quest for answers to our inter questions.
