"Heroes are created by popular demand, sometimes without regard to what actually happened, but in regard to what people believed happened". This saying of an anonymous speaker, represent the feeling of many people, living in this crazy world. Psychologists would probably say, that it's normal and understood that people need heroes and that people are looking for their "superman", because we would all like to believe that if the accident will, someone will come and to rescue us from our lives, from our loves, and from our troubles.


How can we define heroes? There is no exact definition, since different people and different places consider heroes according to their specific environment. Israel in naturally the place to examine the situation of different heroes: The Palestines consider their heroes as people who have had the courage to fight against their conqueror. The Israelis on the other hand consider their heroes as people who protect them from various enemies. Each side is sure that the vindication is with them, and it is hard for them to understand what the other side thinks.

There is one thing, though, that both sides, I think, will see as pure heroism and it the battle against diseases, that unfortunately, too many people are suffering pain from practically a struggle for life. A good example for that is children of all ages, that despite their cancer, did not miss their childhood or their happiness. They have to go through painful therapy and yet they can enjoy the simple things of life like clowns and games.


Another good example is the real superman, Christofer Reev, who has recently arrived Israel as a special guest. Reev is paralyzed from his neck down. He fell of a horse in a terrible accident about 5 years ago, and he is paralyzed since then. The shock was big because people did believe that he is superman, who saves the world time after time. When Reev finally woke up from coma, he had proved people that the definition of superman is changed and that now superman is Reev himself, because he does save the world in a way: He make people believe their power and ability to live even though they are handicapped. The best proof for that is that Christofer Reev has return to the big screen, and he appears in several movies, since the accident.


Tragedies, unfortunately, also "help" to create heroes – instant heroes. The latest example is the solider Oleg Shychet, who was kidnapped and murdered, but apparently he left some mark to help searching for him. By doing that act, he proved courage and a good sense of survival. Another good example is the N.Y.C fireman that had scarified their lives in order to save the trapped people in the ruins. Some may say that its their job, therefore they are not exactly heroes, but the truth is that not many people have the courage to get inside a burning building, knowing the worse could still come and do all they can to rescue other people. I tried to think, who is my hero, but I couldn't find the answer. I admire and appreciate people who have been suffering because of sickness or accidents, and I do think that the solider and the fireman had all proved courage and determination, but I just can't think of the one that I can call hero. To my opinion heroes exist only in the world of fantasy. But down here, on earth, we sometimes just have to do what we have to do. It may be harder and it may be easier, but it’s the same- a struggle to life and survives. And for that reason, every person that live, I may consider a hero.
