Since the beginning of time, man has had a definite problem in trying to get across exactly what was on his mind. It is a situation that holds true even to this day and age. Figuring out exactly what we want to say is something we all strive for.


It is not an easy thing to express what is in our hearts based on our limited knowledge of the languages we know. Although we may be more knowledgeable in our mother tongue than other self-taught languages; still' the ability to convey thoughts and especially feelings to others – well, that is truly a gift.


Although all of us have been immersed in language since his day we were born, still that does not make us professionals in the art of communication. Grade school, high school, not even university can prepare you for every situation in life in which you may be required to get across to your audience some sort of information – quickly, precisely and without hesitation. Life is funny that way. It is full of surprises. Nevertheless, we continue to persevere with our limited knowledge and skills.


Even as I am writing this composition, my mind is throwing out a million thoughts a second and through all the chaos and confusion going on inside my brain, I still must choose what I want to actually put down on the paper. I must make a definite decision, whether it is a difficult one or not. Many issues can come into play here to either help or hinder upon from completing this task.


Fear is a major factor when finding out why people have such difficulties with "spilling their guts". Fear of rejection, fear of failure, fear of being laughed at, stage fright, these are first some of the reasons someone may hate to give a speech, reject a career where they would be required to talk in front of a large audience. Personality and character play a large solution whether or not fear would be a major or minor problem. Some people are outgoing, whereas others may be shy. Verbal measures of communication, in my opinion are always harder to convey than written forms. With the written form of communication, you have time to collect your thoughts, put them down and possibly enough time to change what you said without the other knowing you changed it.


If I was to give as to why we have this immense problem, I would like to be so bold as to imagine that it is due to our inability to tap into that unknown part of our brain that would allow us to communicate with others in such a way that we would not need verbal language, where we are able to use telepathy, then perhaps a person could see into our very soul and know exactly how we feel. Needless to say, that is not the case. We are forced to use language and are frustrating as that maybe; it is the only means available. The old saying "A picture is worth a thousand words" may be true but, as is, we need to express what we want the other to know with those thousand words.



Difficulties in using the languages we know to relay to others exactly what is on our minds will continue to allude us on into the future. We can only hope that for the generations to come, that the great minds of the world will come up with ways to make it a little less painful, a little easier to handle. We all can use as much help in the world of communication as we can get.
