The difficulty to communicate thought and feelings through language is a common problem among people of all ages and occupations. This difficulty may often lead to misinterpretations, misunderstandings, unnecessary, quarrels, and, in the worst case- even death.


In this essay, I shell discuss and try to explain this difficulty. But first, let me start with a short introduction to the evolution of language in human societies and its function, from the dawn of humanity, through the development of culture and its currant state the ability to learn language and to think in language – based logical patterns ("to think in language" – chomsui, I think).


The current censuses among anthropologists is that the human mind evolved mainly because of language, a tool which enabled the early man not only to conceptualize and theorize better about how things work in the red world (the one in front of his eyes), so that he can use it for his own benefit, but also to communicate his thoughts and ideas to the other members of his smell group or tribe.


The first calls or vocal signs that man used accompanied, probably, by physical and/or primitive, made the tribe a stranger group, and more efficient hunters. The use of communication because a vital tool for survival.


As the years went by the human brain evolved alongside language, to enable a long-term memory and an ability to tell stories – according to one anthropologist, the human species should be called "pan- ("the story telling ape") instead of  . To his opinion, the main difference between humans and the other excite two species of chimpanzees is the use of language for conceptualization and "story – telling" – a term which he was in its wider sense explaining and describing to others.

The second leap into the current way of thought and language (for these, as I've explained, are interconnected was the change is lifestyle from hunting- gathering to agriculture and domestication. This enabled the original smell tribe to grow bigger and verge with other tribes. As society got bigger, there was even a greater need for communication, due to the problems that vase from complex communal living.

This brought to further development in language as a mess to create a move advanced level of communication, which can help the bigger group from a code of morals and function better as a whole organization.


These developments in communication and specifically in spoken language changed as I shaved, the human mind and the way man sees the world and other people. According to some researchers, there is a strong symbiosis between logic and thinking patterns and language.  I have mentioned this strong connection, and its evolution, to support the opinion, with which I completely agree, that one of the main reasons –if not the most important- for the difficulty in using language to express thought and feelings is that of defining what these thoughts and feelings actually are!


People often misread their own feelings, or try to express unfinished thoughts and ideas. Sometimes there are logical flaws in their argument even when they are trying to discuss their feelings; other times, the conversation or interpersonal communication is short – circuited by plain bad choice of words, or ignorance.


In conclusion: I have tried in this short essay to show the symbiotic connection between logic, thought-patterns, feelings and language through explaining how these co – developed as a specific function for survival, a survival that man could only ensure by grouping , and finally transformed into a complexity beyond the weed of survival (I didn't have enough time for that).
