I will write about the second topic "most modern"

I have always thought about this important issue, that was studied for ages by researches, this is such a serious issue that may some people be sensitive from it.

It talks about ethic, religious and languages, and as I know most of people think that his own religious, ethic or language is the best, but they are wrong, we are all equal, there is no difference between us.

In this issue I would like to shed some light at the advantages and disadvantages and finally I will set my opinion.

In the beginning I would like to talk about the traditional thing that we can learn from others, if you like in a society that contain people from different religious, you will learn many things about traditional, for example, people in my village don't have the same religious, there is some Cristians, some Moslems and the other one Druzes.

It's really nice to know that Moslems and Druzes don't drink alcohol, it's forbidden for them. On the other hand its permitted for the Cristians.

We can also learn from the good sides of others, such as behaviors, intelligence and more…

Most of the modern societies consist of different ethic, religious and language groups, there for they live happily without any problems, its only because they have raised together since they born.

Secondly, living in a society composed of a single ethic group with one religious and one language may make people hate the other people that aren't in their group, although they maybe a people that have a good heart, but they just born in this society and its not their problem.

The subject here is if you was given a choice to decide where to live.

People may hate others only because they don't know them, we know that it’s a wrong thing but what can we do?!

The only solution is to make a different people meet together and let them know each other well.

In my opinion, lucky who born in a society that consist of different ethic, religious, and languages group, because he will get to know a new traditions, new kind of people, how they live, eat, spend their holydays and also how they sing and dance. Inaddition, I think that people have to respect each other's religious or ethic because no one is better than other we all human beings.

If I was given a choice to decide where to live I will decide to live in a modern society with different ethic, religious and languages groups because I am a curious human and I will be more happy if I live in this place.

Actually, I live in this place, but I think that if there were people from all over the world, with their strange habits and tradition, our country will be more beautiful.

Finally, I found that the advantages of living in a modern societies consists different ethic, religious and languages groups, is out weigh the disadvantages.

So, it's really interesting to read about these modern societies more and more, about what the studies say,

If you were given a choice to decide where to live, don't think twice especially if you are a curious one.

I am human who is happy and satisfy from his life and I am hopeful that every one have his own happiness in his life.
