Ambition is looking forward things that we really desire or want to achieve in our future. These things are like goals for every one of us such as: good position, being an important person, having money, high education or having a good life.


There are many people, that want to be educated such as: person who want to learn math, psychology, or sociology so if this person wants to be educated, he should be an ambitious one, but in fact to be only an ambitious one is not enough, therefore, he should struggle for this ambition and to do his best to achieve his goals, so he can do this by preparing to matriculation tests and psychometric test, then he would do his registration to the university.


Another good that a man desire is a good position, it is every educated person dream, for example: being a successful doctor, teacher or a lawyer. In fact, we can find many people that dream or desire these ambitions, so a good position such as a doctor is a wonderful thing because a doctor can treat many patients and help them, in addition he would gain a good salary and enjoy his respectable position.


Having a money is a another ambition, that everybody desire, because money can fulfill our needs…, by having money we can buy a car, clothes, supplying a food and security for our children, by money we can travel and visit many countries or wonderful places. More over a person can contribute or donates money for helpless people.


Having a good life is kind of ambition, by good life, I mean, being satisfied with our marriage, our health or even our work. With good marriage our children will be happy and live with security, in addition that every couple would be satisfied with his marriage so that they will be good parents for their children and a good workers at their work, this satisfaction is being diffused and founded around us, more over having a good life is to enjoy every second, of our life, we should bless god for our life, that there is still a soul in our body.



Therefore from these kinds of ambition above, we see that ambition is a good thing, it is the best that we desire, but unfortunately it would become dangers if we overrate with our ambition, because everyone who flies highly in the end he would fall down. The dangers are that the person would be depressed and desperate from his life, because he was dreaming too much.





Finally, I recommend every one of us to be an ambitious person because it is a good thing that brings happiness for us but we have to be careful because too much being ambitious is a dangerous thing.
