There are many principal differences between our written and spoken languages. There are many advantages, but there are also many disadvantages as well. Each language is different in its own way, and since I am educated with three different languages very well I will fully explain in the following paragraphs the difference between the written and the spoken languages. I know for a fact that each language has its own technique and its own usage of the language, therefore I can fully apply my knowledge of that to thoroughly explain the difference, advantages, and my personal opinions of the disadvantages.


The three different languages that I am knowledgeable with are English, Arabic and Hebrew. Since I was born and raised in the United States, English is my mother tongue. I have born living in Israel for six years so I am also educated with Arabic as well as Hebrew. Although I write and speak these three languages very well, I am not experienced with the language well enough as I should be. Because of my transfer from the United States to Israel It has made a gap in my Arabic and Hebrew education. As a result of that I am well aware of the difference between the spoken and written languages that I am about to interpret.


There is a tremendously big difference between the written and spoken English language, the spoken language is very simple and moderate. Although in each location the English language is spoken differently. For example, in the United States the spoken language is called slang. The grammar usage is incorrect as well as the formality. Not all states speak alike, but the majority of the American citizens speak in that form. For instance, if a foreigner traveled to the United States he will have difficulty understanding the American people, no matter how well his English language is. But if he were to go to a university and listen to a class he would more likely understand the professor. The reason for that is the written language is written in a very skilled and well informed way which is the opposite of the spoken language. The written language is also the same skilled why the professors speak, and that is why overboard people would understand the professor more. The advantage of the spoken language is that you would understand the slang structure of speaking. It will allow you to understand the language that is being spoken around you. The advantage of the written language is it enlightens you with the knowledge of the high English language that you will need in order to succeed in the university, and in your life. In my opinion, there are only disadvantages in the spoken language. The slang language has a tendency to confuse a person with the correct English language.


The difference between the spoken and written Arabic language is that it is two completely different languages. The spoken Arabic language is used correctly and spoken in a very literate way. The difference is that the written language does not use the same words, form, and structure of the spoken language. It is as if it were another language of its own. As a result of that, it is one of the main reasons why Arabic is one of the hardest languages in the entire world. The advantage of the spoken language is to know the language in order to understand the Arabic language worldwide.






The advantage of the written language is to know the well-versed, well-grounded language of Arabic, and that allows you to be acquainted and informed in the Arabic language. The disadvantage of both the written and spoken language is if one only knows how to speak it doesn't enable one to know the written language.


The Hebrew language in my opinion is the easiest of all these three languages mentioned. There is only a slight difference in the spoken and written language. The difference is only the standard of the language. The advantage is that if you speak Hebrew well, you also will write well. The Hebrew language is structured in such a simple form that the spoken form is greatly appreciated as the written language. In my opinion I don't think there are any disadvantages in the spoken and written language because of its simplicity.


There are many languages in this world, which use many different functions and usages which makes the principal differences in the spoken and written languages very broad. Not many people have the knowledge that I have and the familiarity to know three different languages and have the ability to interpret them without hesitation. That is something I am very proud about, because that knowledge helps me in many ways in my life, as it has helped me in the English entrance exam.
