There are many benefits we can obtain if we were rational and aware of our desires and needs. Further more, ambition gives people hope and encourage them to go on in their lives despite the difficulties that they have to deal with or to face. For example, the man who find himself cheerful and relieved when he was cloze to the nature become sad and hopeless when he had to give up his dream to be a farmer which caused him many troubles, and his life turned to be very empty.

Another example that shows us the important of being an ambitious person: disable and patient people can heal from various diseases is they believe strongly if they have the ability and if they are capable of doing this and of course if they have ambition and the encouragement of their families.


Life is not easy and in many cases we don't get what we really whish, so, sometime we feel blue and disappointed, that occurred when we exaggerate in our thoughts and wishes. For instance, dreaming of being a rich person is not wrong, but when we use destructive ways and means to reach our aim and to make our goal some true such as: murder and robbery is not justified at all.

So, in this case the so called "ambition" turns to be an illusion that control our life and pose us to do illegal things.

Finally, forethoughts can be useful sometimes before taking any action or any decision that may ruin our life and the life of many other people that may be very cloze to us, and make us regret for the rest of our lives. So, to avoid this we have sometimes to give up or to reconsider it again. For example, when a student wants to enter the university, but his poor father is an employer and also the economical situation doesn't give him the chance to get high education, but instead of that he had to work in order to help his father to take better care of his little brothers and sisters, and to take part in earning his living, so he is a required to accept his reality and to be very patient, and maybe he can find a solution by being self educated.
