Most modern societies consist of different ethnic, religious and language groups. There is a lot of a advantages of living in such a society but there is also disadvantages. Israel is a very good example of modern society which consist different ethnic groups. It is a country of three religious Jewish, Muslims and Christians. Each of religious has its one holy place. Also it is a country of immigrants from all over the world. They all bring along their language, their culture, they habits.



Living in such a society would be a great satisfaction. There is such a variety of food, music, dances, languages and more. That one can enjoy of. It is never boring and one can always learn and experience new things. I am an immigrant from Belarus. When I first arrived to Israel, in spite of the difficulties, I had so much fun, because I saw people from all over the world, I tried a lot of types of food which I never tried before. I learned a lot of new languages and met a lot of people from different cultures and I learned something new from each one of them and I am still learning…. This thing is priceless. I enjoy to learn from people and to hear all kinds of opinions, even if I am not agree with everything.



In spite of all the advantages, there are also disadvantages of living in such a society. When people with a different background are living in the same society, sometimes there is a lot of arguments and misunderstanding. The arguments may occur because of a little thing like music or food. Most of the time this arguments because a lot of people come from different cultures and different backgrounds. Each person has his one habits, taste and sometimes the other person won't understand it. And then the arguments and the misunderstanding might begin. These things are natural, but sometimes the arguments may be more serious. Usually more serious arguments occur because of religion are one's principal which saved to him. That kind of arguments would be very dangerous and would lead to a very grave circumstouinses. For example civil war. Israel it is a very good example because it's society composed from a lot of ethnic groups. I would like to discuss two of them. The first one is "Palestinians". They leave in Israel but has different religion then most of Israelis what more important they have a very contradict opinions then Israelis. They think that Israel has to be Palestine and that is their country and Israelis don't have place in it.


Naturally the Israeli people can't stand those ideas because they think it is their country. The situation is very dangerous because both sides try to heart each other in any possible way. The second group is orthodox Jews. There is a very serious argument between orthodox and seculars Jews. The orthodox wants all the citizens live by their rules, for example not to drive or to do shopping or go out in Shabbat, while the seculars think it is a free democratic country and one is free to do what ever he wish as long as he don't heart other…this argument can be also very dangerous sometime and even civil war.











There are people who claim that is much better to live in a so society composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language. Of course those people whom their point: it is much easier to live in a society like that.


A lot of arguments and disagreements would be saved. People will live more in harmony and more peacefully with each other. But I personally think that this kind of live will be boring and unfulfilling.

People would have one opinion and some interests and all the beauty of different opinions and different habits and cultures will disappear.
