From the beginning of life on our planet, and till now, people have always lived in big groups of community. First, our aspects lived in one big family group with one language to speak, one religion to believe in one ethnic group like an Indians people, for example. They had to live together in order to protect themselves from the bests of prey. With development of civilization and science, people more and more understand the necessarily of living in lagers communities, larger than their. Such a fact became into life, after people saw that this is no longer possible to communicate with women and men who like them speak and believe in common that relates to them. Man needs all the time to communicate with creatures like he, resembling to him in the outside appearing, he needs people with different religion and point of view. However, there is a lot of examples of misunderstanding each other and wars is the cite as an example of this. Although it is not easy, these smart children of nature only can survive by sticking together. This is my personal opinion. You ask whether it better or not to live in society combined from people or different religion, language or ethnic, or whether it better to stick to the one community with the people like yourself? Let me bring you some examples of advantages and disadvantages of both sides of this issue.


Like I said, the advantages of living in larger community with totally different people can bring a lot of good things. At that, man needs a company or else he would become what he was at the beginning, an animal, a primate. Living side by side in large group of different people can develop mans intelligent, make him do something not just for himself, but for the other people also. Moreover one can teach from another, his culture, language and other things, which is very valuable in our days. The more people become exposed to the other culture, other view of life and world, the more they broaden their mind, and their mental outlook.


Together people can achieve almost impossible, to built a better future for their young generation, so our children would be able to attain more practical and spiritual values in this tough world. There is one very good example, in the Holy Bible, says when people stuck together they can do very great things as to built the tower of Babel. As they took the "bull by its horns" and succeeded to build it till the tower could almost touch the sky. As you know the maity god did not let them to complete their insolent plan by mixing their languages, but I do think that citing this little story as an example I have made my point of view clear. I mean that although after this "incident" they stop to build and scattered, it might be understood that together people can attain a great thing in their life. It is better if they are from the different ethnic and religions group. As to the language, I also think and I hope you will be agree with me in that, language, is very useful thing and in nowadays, it is also very efficient trait. The more one can speak languages, the more chances for him to succeed in his life, at work, in communication with different people. However, there is a problem of unwillingness to help to each other and even more than just that, one tries hard to avoid from another to achieve success but this is different story now. As to the disadvantages of living in such a society as different ethnic, religion and language, I think the point is, that people commonage very much to understand each other, when they live in a single ethnic group with one religion and language.



They grow up with these things, so it became even more difficult when it is regards to a person who is not from their "family" group, to achieve goals. Man needs a leader and only so it may be an order. This is only accountable explanation why is there so much misunderstanding between people in their different society and may be it is really better from this point of view if they stick into one society group, where it more easy to control them. It is very difficult for a president to do so when you have an international nation. I hope I answered to you question at to main opinion it is thus better and more interesting to loop in large, different community, to see which society belongs to which. Furthermore men can broad not only his mind, but also to develop the culture and can join the other cultures. The world is wild open to everybody. People should to learn from each other in order to survive and to open new culture, new languages.
