There was such a piece of time in my life that I felt that I have to change myself and my life. I looked for many ways to do this… I know that the way of my character, shy girl like me can't reach nothing in her life, because the life, society and everyone who and what includes it can be very cruel to people like me. You are ashamed to tell something that you feel, want, know or think, because you afraid to be laughed misunderstood.

The way I found to change my life was by changing my name. I changed my name not because I didn't like it, I changed it because I felt that with the name I can change myself too. And this happened really! I take to me much sonorous name than my real name. Before I change my name, I didn't have almost friends, I never have a boyfriend, and I was seventeen and half years old and I felt a very lonely girl. And often I changed my name I become a very simpatico girl, very attractive to all of masculine gender, I have so much attention of so much different people! I go out for many houses, my mobile didn't stop to call, and already I began to feel myself happy, and I had all I wanted in my life. I could connect with people in a few seconds, I didn't shy of nothing, I could talk to people I don't like badly and impudently.

When I look backwards and compare what I was and what I now, I can see a great difference and I may say – an improvement. I improved my kind of life, my mental condition and endplay; I know what I want in my life.

Now I can say that look helped me much in my life, because this idea of changing me and my life in a best time of my life was taken from one book that I read. This book is the masterpiece of my favorite Japanese author by name of Kobo Abe.

The name of the book is "Another's face". This book is about one chemist who burns his face through his chemical experiments. After this tragedy he couldn't even look in mirror at himself. He suffered much of his face, people were afraid to look at him; even his wife scared him at first times. One more problem was that he shamed much of his face and didn't go out for a month from home. Then he thought that he could put on his face a mask. (Putting on a mask is like changing a name in my own story). A mask on his face looked like a real face. And he chouse to himself a mask with a face of handsome man. With the help of his new "face" he attracted many friends, women, he began to behave like a criminal, and he becomes a cruel man.


When he did a crime he did it always with a mask, and after a crime he put off his mask and become a poor chemist with a burned face. He thought that a mask made him another man and he could do everything he wants. His end was not good, because he couldn't continue with his game and kills himself. I my own story I am happy, because I could stop in a time. How old people say: all is good, but in measure!
