Literature is the second face which shows us the life. It is the second world, where we live us each situation, we feel in all the feelings, but, we walk up and we find that everything isn't true, although, some days will come, perhaps, we will live truly in the same case.


Literature gives up the experiences. It shows us the meanings of life, where there are many troubles, many problems; we haven't live in it yet.

It is the surface of a sea, where the ground swell, surmounts and comes down, until we arrive to the beach. Such the life is the same, but there we in the deep of the sea, sometimes, we can't arrive to the safe beach.


When I was a child, I read a story, a very interested story. I lived in each word, I felt each meaning. The name of the story is "birds of September". The name of the writer is "Emily Basralla", a Lebanese author. She was living in "Bakfaya" a small village in South Lebanon. She was very connected to her country. She left it in the war and she couldn't return.


The real world values in this story. She talks about her childhood, where she lived, grew up with the smile of her father, tenderness of her mother, with the love story, the departure, separation, meeting after many years. She writes about her friends. "Najla" was her best friend. She spent with her the best days of her life, "Najla" loved somebody. The love was the big trespasser that no one can forgive it. Her father knew and he killed his daughter.


She describes her feeling when she lost her friend, when she felt alone, none was near her, and she listened to the sound of her solitude and her deprivation.


She describes when she wanted to study, but her parents prevent her "the girl should stay at home". She stick up the books, she tries to study and to learn by herself.


She describes, when she was a child, she escaped from everything. She runs to the farms. She stepped around barefoot. She shouted, cried. She describes how the mountains listened to her, gave her answers, how she felt the love in solid while she couldn't feel the love in people, she describes her nights, when the cloud cried, the rains fell down, to slake the thirst earth.


She describe when she felt that darkness joined her, gave her the safe, while, the light glared until she couldn't know herself. She describes the place where she lived, where the mountains surrounded from every direction. More than time, the snow stained the realm with a white page. She describes how, in spring, the flowers filled in the place.


She talked about life, tenderness, hate, every feeling could one feel it, the hard problems could a person goes over it.


The hardest moment was she left her country, when she left everything to begin a new life, far away, without her parents, without her friends, her home.

When she was being alone, really alone.


After many years, she has to return back, but no one has known her. No one has known who she was; she was stilling a simple memory in the heart of her country, in the trees and the sky, in the pages of nights, when she walked up with her stars. She becomes a forgetful girl in the heart of her people, has just the walls of her home remember her; the sky hails her but after what?? She couldn't keep these feelings inside her, she couldn't believe that her country becomes like her strangeness, here, she is strange and here also.

So who is she?

To which place she belongs?

She left her country again, but this time she will never come back, because she lost her native feelings.





I learn from this story many things:

I learn how should be the relations with the family,

What is the meaning of love?

What is the meaning of a friend still near us, spends with you the best moments of your life, shares with you the smiles as the tears, he knows you deep inside, listens to you without talking, gives you the hope and the meaning of life.

I learn how it is hard to lose this special person in life, and how everything changes without him.

I learn how to hang on something I want it, how she was tenacious in learning, what is the teaching in life of a person, how it gives him he respect and the confidence.

I learn how to strive for something I love it, I will fall in many problems, nevertheless I should oppose my problems and never surrender.

I learn how to know myself, what is the nature? It isn't a simple things around me, once I see it, another time I don't!


She teach me how to love everything around me, how to feel in the trees, sky, mountains, how listen to the voice of the sea and the birds, how understand this strange feelings and to enter it to my heart, to feel in it by my soul.


Finally, I learn what the meaning of home is. How it is hard to lose something you live in it and with it many years. Suddenly, something puts distance, when you return, nothing will return with you. The past is the past, the present is the present. Everything stays in the point of parting. I didn't know the meanings of these things from the first reading, but the life gives me my own experience. I emigrated from my country and I feel now what was her feelings exactly, because I am in the same situation, and I feel like her feelings.


Finally, the life is the secret word, that no one can understand it. It is the sea where we try to survive even the problems and the troubles. The writers try to depict experiences, put it in words to learn by it, how to face the problems, how to hang on life and never surrender, because we deserve to live, we merit to feel the illusion of happiness, until one day will come and we will become memories in the destiny's book.
