All the people divided into two groups. Successful people and unsuccessful people. Successful are easy to recognize. They are joyful, good looking, always smiling and usually very attractive people. Most of them have happy families and prestigious job, and as a fact each year such people get a promotion in their job. The second category of people is less attractive. Unsuccessful people mostly lachrymose, not so good looking, rarely smiling, and as a rule they have not many friends. As for the place of their employment, they either have not at all as have the same place of works for many years without and promotion. Why is one people is more successful and the other less? My answer is that one people are ambitious others are too ambitious and these are people without and ambitions at all.


Ambition is the aspiration to be better, desire for better life, better job, and better wage. Ambitious people work hard to get that "better life", but finally they get all that they want. One can say that ambitious people concentrated only on their work but it is not so. Ambitious person just understand what should do to make a go of it. He does it, step by step, little by little, and the climbs up to the top. As he gets to the top he does not stop, he looks for new tops that he did not subdue jet and he stows his way from the very beginning to the other top. He never stops. He has always what to do and he always knows what he is doing. When he needs rest he can afford it also. He has not problem to distract, and one day such a person can throw up all his ambitions and simply to take pleasure of what he already rich. Thus the ambitious person is the kind of man that always gets what he wants.

There are people that have too many ambitious. That type of people is rare and more dangerous for themselves. Such people even in their nights dreams see that they on the top.


Besides their work they have nothing. The work replaces them family, friends, wife and even home. All the time they on their working place and they always have what to do there. Too ambitious person can not allow to someone else to do even the smallest part of the work because he assured that only he by himself knows how to do and what to do. Such people the most deplorable. They focus only on their ambitions and do not pay any attention on what is going around. They do not see the cladness of the life, and even if they get all what they want they can not feel satisfaction because they have nobody to share in it. So that kind of people that get what they want, but ludeed moons need it.

For some people maybe it sounds fantasy but these are people who have not ambitions at all. Such people sleep well in the night time. The main principle of their live is to drift (to swim with the wind). They do their work but not above, they don't like to stay over hours, because they think that the waste of time. The main part of their lives such people working in the same place, if they get promotion they are glad, if not they are not worried, they are happy where they are. Ambitious people take all the advantages of the guiex life and they enjoy it. They usually living longer then their ambitions and too ambitions friend, because they have not so many stresses in their lives. These by the third category of people, ambitions one, do not want nothing and have clam and quiet live.


So there three categories of people. It is not difficult to understand that the most successful people they are in the first one. Such people unlike the second and the third categories, know one very important thing, that everything has his border.


That the best thing is to be in the middle. If you too ambition as you has nobody to share your success, if you are have no ambition you also have no any success. So the main danger of ambition is that they can be too little or too big!
