Nowadays, we really have many societies consist of different ethnic and religious groups. In my opinion it is good, but we can see also other opinions. I have selected this topic not casually. It is very close to me and it is very interesting for me. I'm going to study sociology and anthropology at the university and I think that I will face with similar questions very frequently.


No doubt that society consist of many different ethnic groups has his own advantages and disadvantages. From my point of view, a person who lives in such a society has wider outlook in comparison to that lives in a society composed of a single ethnic group. I think that society which has many different people, traditions and languages is much more interesting. It constantly has "infusion" of a new blood and become more "fresh". If a person lives in such society, he has moir? opportunities for his own development and education.

He can learn different languages more easy than a person who live in "a single ethnic group", because he has opportunity to communicate with other people and to practice in this way. He can also study different traditions and get from it very useful and interesting information. Nowadays it is necessary to know about different religions and ethnic groups as much as we can, because our life demands it from us. I think that in such society a person learns much needed things, he learns respect other people other traditions and religions.


Today, when humanity is developed enough, we should try to resolve different problems in pacific way, a way without wars, blood and arms. It is very regret that in many societies, nowadays people still hates each other because of their differences. I think it happens because of lack of information and education. Very frequently in societies hat include many different people rises such problems. I may bring many examples of conflicts on basis of religion that is well known to us. We all know about 11 September in the United States of America, when thousands of peaceful people were killed. Around the entire world there are different terrorist organizations which do horrible things. Many guiltless people die in Israel because of "war" that has religious roots.


Certainly these people, who manage all this terrible things, use religion as preposition, because none of religions doesn't support murder of children and guiltless people. May be these people want to get authority and it is very sorry that many people are supporting them because of lack of education. We can see also other aspects of this question. Some people are afraid of suspense and their instinct talk to them protects themselves. Some people think that they have right to select people according to their race. In history of humanity, we have enough of such lachrymose examples. We know about "black" people that were slaves because of the color of their skin. We know also about terrible things that were done with reference to Hebrew people.


As you can see, there are different aspects that are connected with different religions and ethnic groups; every person has right select which society he prefers. I think that humanity must try to get exemption from all his complexes that are connected with different groups of people.


In our world are different people, different opinions, different colors and it is wonderful.


I think that without diversity our life might become very boring. We can imagine many even people, with alike faces, voices and characters, which have same things in their mind. Which are dressed in the same clothes.


I think after such image it will be possible to understand, how important for us distinction and personality are.


I think people which can't understand it and think that they are better than other because of their religion or nation or something else, really should try to avoid societies with diversification of people. Maybe in this case we will avoid new problems.
