What creates the different is not implication but the application by sharp. Never.

The proverb above was by an artistic writer, which means to convey is, it doesn't really matter what sort of a system we have. What really matters is how we would really apply the system.


I would like to present you with two main advantages of a society consist of different ethnic, religion and language groups.


1. Breaking a new humanistic border.

By the turn of the millennium our human societies has actually marked a new historical level, in the past, human societies all over the world were composed of only single ethical and religion, for a single group. There were for less communication from one group. The other and were for too much different while new a days thanks god to the time we have. Finally turned over it. We broke that wall. That why in a multi-cultural religion and language: society. People are born to be open towards different cultural ethnic groups.  This way we learn what really matter not the color, rave, but ourselves.


2. Getting to be with liberalism


In a real modern societies consist of different ethnical, religion and language groups, naturally people would have better something to the liberal, then to be too much. That is why in most of the normal societies consist of many ethnic, religion and language groups, extreme groups are not so much welcomed because they creates real problems.


II. Disadvantages of a society like can be also as many as the advantages. For instance.


1. Tendency conflict and it's treatment


Our past history have still modeled with the instinct against strange groups. So people living in a society compost of many different ethnic, religion and language groups would have a higher something in understanding, communication and so as challenges, however this  be controlled once when the government or the society could be able to bind together under any sort of a common title. For example the modern Israeli society is actually consist of people with many ethnic groups, Russian, Ukrainians, Israelis, Burglary and so on, but they do sort of line very well with each other despite of the cultural different because, the people and bind something a same title "Jewish" .


Educational problem


Once when there are many ethnical groups and languages as well as religion, the educational system with face with a lot more challenges than the society compost of single ethnic group and religion.

So just to sum up the article, I personally think that, it is better to line in a society compost of different ethnic, religions and languages, although there are many advantages and disadvantages both of the two sides, however. The question is about, future, and in angle. Whether do we want a world where each ethnic group to be lived and died in it's own parental territory. And to this side, if it is something from a world wide perspective, than again the world becomes a multiple ethnic groups, religion and some, on the other hand, when every society consist of multiple cultures, ethnic groups and religions, it draws the world to a same  end. When it is future.
