I believe that we live in the world of opportunities, where an individual can achieve any goal. He can study for a degree and get a good job, marry and raise children. The sky is the limit for ambitious person but this quality might be dangerous as well.


I think that ambition is the most powerful feeling of a mankind. The history is full of great men, who fight in order to achieve their goals. For instance, Napoleon started his carrier as a soldier in French army. He made agreements and friendships with powerful people. He got good political carrier, but didn't stop there. He didn't relaxed even when he become prime-minister, of France. He dictated on turkey and even wanted to conquer Russia. I, personally admire his character a great deal. Napoleon  the first was ambitious and restless. He was already seeking for a new goal after achieving one.


Ambition has many benefits. It is not only the way to achieve good carrier but also to contribute to a country or even the whole world. Alexander Ghram Bell is a good example for this case. He started his way working on a factory. He worked on simple projects that didn't satisfied him. His wish was to improve the distant communication between people but he couldn't do nothing about it. He shared his thought with few friends but they just joked about it. Rich people refused to give him money for the materials. Alexander Bell didn't gave up. He was ambitious. He worked a lot and believed in himself and in his work. Eventually, he presented the world with useful way of communication. He invented the phone pushed by ambition.


Hitler was pushed by ambition as well. His ambition was a hated. The great dictator was a simple pointer in his youth not a gifted one if I might add. He made pictures and sold them on the market. His life was calm without extraordinary adventures. However, the hated to Jews made him something. The hated was his weapon. Hitler reached good political career but it was based on burning votes, killing and frightening citizens and making fun of literature history and values. For example Nazis burned books that were written by Jews. His wishes had world wide influence. He wanted a world without Jews. He is almost succeeded. His system made Jews vanish and disappear quietly from German lives. Nazis built ghettos and kill people their with hunger. An ambitious ruler made German soldiers to shoot in innocent children an women. His character is an example for pure ambition.


History leaves an honorable place for ambition. Many great men made their dreams become true. Ambition gives us energy to fight for our believes and opinions in order to reach eventually our goals. Ambition is a very positive quality as long as values and humanity are considered as well!
