1. There are people in this world that they are very successful because of their nature which is very ambitious, when they set their heart on something they'll do anything to achieve it. The good thing about that is they always push themselves ahead never falling behind and when they do fall behind they try again, because of their ways some people are encouraged by them and therefore try harder with their jobs, studies etc.

I think that a person that is ambitious is good for himself in some ways but what if that person can't achieve what he wants? Although he tries again and again then his ambition pushes him more but gets depressed neglects everything and everyone around him, and when he finds out he can't accomplish what he has set his heart on his nature of ambition shall or carry on pushing him until he manages or shall let him let go and if he does that he has let himself down, it can make him angry, stressed, frustrated and to quarrel with his friends, family and neighbors.

Another case can be when an ordinary guy with a job and family living very nice but simple life and there are no extreme ups or downs that affects them to go out of their winds.

When a sudden change happens, and the head of the family get motivated by a friend from work to go and study to be a doctor, his heart gets set up   it and he has all this motivation and ambition to achieve what he has set himself to although he is already a husband, father with a nice job.

His wife could not like this idea because of many reasons, the time that he will spend with the family shall be less and can cause problems with his wife and child. And he knows that when he neglects loved ones its not good and at the end hurt him more that it hurt his family all because of his ambition.

I think its okay to be ambitious as long as its done in a good manner, that is for example when anyone sets there heart on something he or she most considers it with their cloze ones and see what is good for both of them.

The nature of ambition must be in a normal level and not to get all obsessed.


Let's take an example of a person that has no ambition what so ever, no motivation – nothing. A person who wakes up has no job and no ambition to go out and get a job, all the day at his parent's house watching T.V and doing nothing, not helping himself or his parents. In his eyes he sees no reason why he should get a job and on the other hand his parents are not helping him very much because he get everything from them easily so he grows in this nature were he is ambitionless.

What he needs is a reason to get out in the world find a job get motivated on something then the ambition rises. The first step should be that his parents must kick him out the house without any pity and that person will get him self in order in no time.

But normally a person is normally born with a certain nature with a strong or poor sense of ambition.


Also some people with strong ambition do not mean they are successful. Some time one can have ambition to know everything and because of his eagerness he can know a lot of everything but not specify in one subject, to know one thing very good and to do it in all your best ways you know.

Everything should be limited, too much of something can spoil anything.
