There are several advantages and disadvantages of living in a society that consist of different ethnic, religious, and language groups.

The first advantage of living in a society like this is, the fact that people are learning to behave with tolerance towards others, and to accept other people even if they are different. The second advantage of living in such a society is, that people from different places and different religions, who have probably also different cultures, can live together and get along.

The third advantage is, the variety of people. Many people who are coming from different backgrounds are living together. These people can learn a lot about each other, and each other's traditions.

There are also several disadvantages of living in a society like this. One of the disadvantages is, the fact that there may be a war between groups in several societies, because of the will of one of the groups to get the control of the country, and to live there as a single group without intruders.

In short, in my opinion, in order to live without conflicts it would be better to live in a society composed of a single group.


The first advantage of living in a society that consists of different groups is, the fact that people are learning to be more tolerant. Those people who live together have the ability and the willingness to allow and accept opinions, beliefs, customs, and behavior different from their own. This tolerance can make such society peaceful, quiet, harmful, and united.


The second advantage is. That people who came from different places, with different religions, and different language have to live together. They have to speak the same language, so that they could understand each other, and all these things unite those groups and make them work together in their society.

For example, in the united stated of America there are so many societies all over the state. They all speak the same language; have the same holidays, even thought they came from different groups.


The third advantage is the variety of people, the variety of languages, and the variety of traditions. Each person in a society like this can learn something new for himself.

For example, women from different groups can learn to cook different types of food that came from a variety of cultures.


Although here are also disadvantages of living in a society like this. One of the disadvantages is, that in some countries, where there are many different groups, there may occur a conflict between the groups because of the will to rule the country. For example, Israel. In Israel there are several groups like these. Each group wants to rule the country, and they think that they deserve it, but they can not reach an agreement that would satisfy every group. Because of that there is a war in Israel, because the opinions of the groups are so different. Another thing is the jealousy between the groups. These groups can never reach a similar economic status, and it may cause jealousy and hate, and of course it may lead to a war.


In short, in my opinion, even though there are many things that can be very useful for a society that consist from different groups, it is better to live in a society composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language.

I think that in order to live peacefully, without wars, without conflicts, or any other things that can ruin a creation society, it would be better for each group to exist on her own.
