I have always thought how interesting and challenging writing about this crucial subject would be. Living in a society which consists different ethnic, religious, and language groups may be considered as one of the most important and contemporary issues in our world nowadays, especially when we are living in such a society in my country "Israel".


There are many ways in which we can relate to this subject. To mention only a few, we can start be naming the advantages and the disadvantages of this issue.


As it was mentioned above we can start with the advantages of living in a different ethnic, religious, and language groups.

First of all in such society people can learn more about each other religion by visiting its sanctuaries, such as mosque to the Muslims, Jewish's church, Christian's churchyard Druze temple. In this way people could know more about each others religion and respecting it. Anyway all the religions have one good.


Second, the social relationships between people in such society, such as visiting each other, also making friendships. Is also one of the most important steps of coexistence.


Third, learning about each group's language, add new information to people from

all groups.


Taking into consideration the above I would like to discuss the other side of the issue, which are the disadvantages of living in a society consists of different ethnic, religious, and language groups. First, in such society, we can see the disagreements in the religion issues, because each group believes that it's religion is the correct one.


Second, the conflict onto appropriating official status, such as mayoralty, which ends with killing people.


Third infringement the habits and tradition of one group by another one, such as imitating reach people's way of dress which is not allowed in it's group, for example, Muslims is not allowed to wear short clothes, while Christian, Jews, is allowed. If a Muslim girl wears like Christian or Jews one, then it may create spite against those groups.


Fourth, the formal language is also one of the most important problems in a society which consist different ethnic, religious, and language groups. Lets take, for example, our country "Israel" which consist all this specifications, it consists, Arabs, Jewish, Ethiopians, Russian people, they all talk different languages, but the formal one is Hebrew, all people have to learn Hebrew in order to live in this country.


Fifth, discrimination, in a society consists from different ethnic, religious, language groups, we find that the majority decides for the whole people and partialities for it's people and it's vested interests. From this point discrimination borns.


As it has been earlier, we can conclude that, living in a societies consist of different ethnic, religious, and language groups, have more disadvantages than advantages and it is a dangerous way of living. Because if we take a look at the history we can see that most world wars has been caused as a result of ethnic discords.


Saying it in a nutshell, and in my opinion, I think that it would be better to live in society composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language than living in a society composed of a various ethnic, religious, and language groups, in order to live in peace and safety. Without wars and aggression victims. As we see in our country the conflict between Arabs and Jews. On living each one alone. Far from the other.


At last, I'm deeply and honestly believe that many would agree with my opinion, and I hope that the people of different ethnic, religious, and language groups try to live together with love and peace, without contentions or wars, for the benefit of them also for the benefit of the peace.
