These differences between the people in one society or country had format through thousands of years and many factors affected them. I the past there was not a lot of people like today and every group or society lived by it self and had the same language, persuasions, and ethnic but through the years these societies started to change and to take for granted new persuasions and languages because of traveling and wars sometimes.


To learn and know about other religious and languages become easier every day and thanks to the complex societies that we live in it today. Now we can face different languages and ethnic always and learn them without exertion or sometimes without attention cause day after day it become a normal thing and pant of our life, for example: a man lives in Israel can learn about Jewry faster and easy than one who learn it when he live in Jordan.





In award full of misunderstanding comes the important of learning about different ethnic, language, and religious a society that consists of different groups is more understanding and less slipping up than a society which composed of a signal ethnic group with one religion and one language.


These societies may effect the individual not just the whole society, when a person live with different kind of people and beliefs he become more acceptable for redevelopment, growth, and new ideas rather that one how lives in single ethnic with one language and one religion.


But not in all cases the society which consist of different ethnic, language…, is helpful and has good influence on the people or the country, in some complex societies there is fundamentalism which some troubles and damage to the society, for example: some ethnic group may fight between each other for different ideas and become clangorous to people from other ethnic or religions.



Living in a complex society is more profitable than living in a single society cause the human nature make him want to learn and to know more things than he does and to learn more we have to know more people how are different from us or have different thoughts, also when we live in complex society we can learn how to communicate with each others the thing that wakes us more convenient when we talk to others from different ethnic or religion.


All these advantages that we can find in the complex society make me think and agree that living in single society not good or better than the complex society even that there is no misunderstanding and we can understand each other more in single society. For that I say that complex society is better place to live and grow in it.
