God created us such a wonderful world! A world with so many kinds of species with a different ethnic, religious and languages, each kind with his specialty. That's what makes the globe more spectacular and abstruse, with so many things to learn about or even to discover.


There are many groups of modern societies all over the world; each society has his own specifications that differ from the others. Living in one of these society makes life easier, because people are organized in small groups with reference to the hole human being around the world, so the society are manageable better and it has a statute. It is also give the people identity so they know they belong to that group.

In addition every society has different culture and tradition that what makes the people inside the same society more consistent together, because they have the same heritage. And also the language that in common gives them an easy way to communicate with each other. And not forget to mention the shape of how people look! The color or their skin or the shape of their eyes- for example black or white, Chinese!! So they will feel better if they live with people that look like them, people that act like them, that speak their language in order to contact them.



Well, there are mutual things that make people live together like to what religion they belong? In what persuasions they belief?! So they prefer to live with people who believe in their religion, to feel safe and comfortable.



Although, there are disadvantages in living in groups! One, human being are separated and disconnected! Because of the difficulty of speaking strange languages. Secondly there are enthusiasm, when some societies want to rule the world, because they believe that their religion is the best and the strongest.


Still, with the disadvantages, I don't think it would be better to live in a society composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language, that's because there won't be such amazing civilization and different interesting cultures all over the world. And we won't be able to discover and learn more new information about our mysterious world. And the world would be just boring.



Despite the different ethnic, religions and languages, we all human being that believe in the same God, we can all live together black or white under one peaceful shelter, side by side, and learn to love each other!

Finally, I will end with a phrase which I believe in so much!! "God grant me the seventy to accept the things I can't change, the course to change and the wisdom to know the difference!"
