What do we mean when we say about someone that he is ambitious?

How does this quality affect this person life?

And of course, is it good to be ambitious men or women, and why we consider "ambition" to be good thing?

In this composition I will try to give an explanation to those questions.



Ambition: an ambitious person is a men or women that never mind what they will do, they will always think (and want) what they can do to make it better. Ambition means that you will always that you will always like more, you will always want to do better and to get a satisfying result, it can be sometimes that am ambitious person would like something else to be good- as good as they can.



How this person life look like?

A men ore a women that are an ambitious person, every field in their life is affected.

In their work, for example, they will think how to do their jobs in the best possible way. They won't be satisfied until they will get the result they willing to.

At home, it can be the same. They'll want more. If something is O.K for now, it sure can be much better.

We consider "ambition" as good thing because, an ambitious men or women gets to better result. Their achievement can sometimes be excellent.


This quality may sound good and very useful and it can sure be so. After all, at work they maybe "the number one" employee. Their houses can be organized perfectly, but is it enough? Let's say, "Is it really that good"? The answer is, to my opinion, is no, why?



An ambitious person will want that things will be in the best possible way, at work and at home, but this quality may cause some troubles.

A number one employee, an ambitious men (or women) maybe valued by the employer, but can by detested by the other employees, this "number one employee" do everything to get a satisfying result, that he (or she) can sometimes destroy other people, even with any attention, with no heart feelings.

In this way they get enemies at work. They maybe valued by the employer but other people at work do not.



At home it may, to my opinion, get even worse.

If a parent is an ambitious men (or women) and the children are not, or even one child is not an ambitious person, the parent would expect the child to be so, which means to want to do things as best as it can be and not settle for something that is not that good.

This situation can take the relationship between the parent and the child to unpleasant corners.


It can affect the atmosphere in the house that will affect the parents and the children life. If the atmosphere at home is not good, the child goes to school with a bad mood and the parent goes to work also like that, and this will eventually affect the child abilities at school and the parent abilities at work.


As we can see, to be an ambitious person can be a very good and useful thing, in one hand.

But in the other hand, it can be very harmful. We also can see, that is can happen at home and at work, it does not matter.

The wisdom is to know what you capable of, if you are an ambitious person, and to turn it to useful corners.
