Ambition, to be ambitious it is comes natural with our growing up, with our progress in life, it depends on the personality of each one and on the needs of our life. The more the world is being progressed and the more the life level is being higher, the more we are being more and more ambitious.

From one ambition is good and a greet disruption which can be given to man. To be ambitious is a great thing, make us work hard to get what we want, our goals, it make us fight in what we believes to reach our goals.

To fight and work hard in order to reach far, to reach our goals, come true our dreams. To be good member and active in our life and society is something which desire admiration and support.

We, the society always support ambition, we see and consider them us models and examples to the others: since them example the person who wants to be productive and to have an effect on his personal life and on the society at large.

When the one is ambitious he can live good life and a quite one because his ambition won't let him be passive person, but on the contrary he will always work and do for himself and for his family something which surly will affect his environment his community. For example, we can see that many of big and greet leader in the world were poor and not brilliant and smart like, wisdom tchirchel who was not successful in this school also many others leaders and popular personalities and celebrity who were with their ambition successful ones. Like actors, singers, artists, etc.

From other hand just like how ambition makes people be succeeded in their life, it also can destroy person life.

There is many people who are very ambitious and want to get and reach their goals very quickly and in any way, no matter if this not legal. We see many people who sheets in order to get higher position. More dangers are those who not just sheet but they even kill in order to reach their goal and they always a good goals.

We see the gangs the small ones and those who are more dangers and threatening countries satyr and security, the international gangs. Who kills hundreds or maybe thousands in order to keep her position and to stay powerful?

Anther side of the dangers of ambition is that it is sometime can be destroying but destroying from another kind.

Like when there is a tow couple who are working and both of them is ambitious and want to progress in his work, wants to make a career. When both of them want to make career so surly they will harm to their children, to their family, something which make harm to the hall family. So instead of being useful to their children and their society they will harm, when they neglect their family in order to make a good career.

So, we can see that ambition is a good and wonderful thing but it has to have a limit. Because if we go after our needs and ambition we will ignore and neglect our family and maybe are privet life. And all what we do for them is to hart and harm them. So it is better to have a good job half a day work, and grow up a good children, better than a big career and high prestige and a bad condition at home.

Finally, I want to conclude my ideas by saying that every thing when it is more than the need for it, it won't be more useful.

When we go ahead for a specific goal and work for it, by ignoring every thing beside it we will lose more than we will earn.

It is a good to be ambition, but – it-would be wonderful if we make sometime few secretaries so that we can enjoy from our success and from a happy family.

And won't let our ambition destroy instead of bite.
