The issue whether it is dangerous to be ambitious or not, has been widely debated.

It is an important issue because it's concern moral, principle, and an economic question about the way we manage our life.

Ambition leads to a successful life with a lot of methods of living, in addition ambition leads to a successful life with a lot of methods of living, and in addition ambition means the exhorting and surviving in the universe.

A variety of different ideas have been said about this issue.

The essay will consider arguments for having a several view.

Having troubles as a result of being ambitious is a complicates idea, just thinking in such a way, we will never get advanced in our life.


Firstly, ambition is a considered a good thing because it is a fundamental condition of development and improvement. Secondly, it is very tedium to stay where you are, it will be a boring life when the person not ambitious. Moreover seeking for new things is very helpful and benefit.

The bulks of the ambitious population are very successful and advanced.

Furthermore it is essential to have a dream and try to make it come true, fulfilling a target is an achievement and it deserves appreciation.

Being ambitious doesn't means to be sophisticated and to turn our life to be a big trouble; we should found a way of development without impacting our living in cheerfulness and happiness.

On the contrary ambition may be dangerous and oppression if we fail to apply its meaning and aspects correctly, altering the way of thinking and living causes a basic thrill on the ambitious person and on the people who live with him.

Presenting ambition as a basic reason for creating troubles is true when the ambitious exaggerated in this aims and dreams, didn't caring what will happen next.

It is very important to be conscious and to manage our steps carefully until we obtain a better standard. Simultaneous the person must be satisfied and not continue in his complaining thinking that he must go on.

When the person reaches his ambition, he must try to help others to reach their goal.


To sum up ambition is the way of the winners, in some cases it will be surrounding by difficulties and problems, but in every situation we may face problems. To be ambitious it is also to know and to solve problems and handle with it carefully I believe that ambition considered a good and a basic thing although it might be hazardous and a reason for troubles, because it will lead for despair if someone didn't get what he wants, as a result of exaggerated ambition we may face a several of sever behavior.

To conclude the idea that ambition it a good thing but its include a dangerous meaning in it is not true, in fact it's a false statement and we must try to make it clear and try to help people and simulate them to be ambitious….

Persisting about having a thing is very helpful and exhort item….to get what you need and to be the person who you wanted to be…

To be ambitious is a wonderful talent, it's like a skill, we must believe in ourselves.

The determination is a basic and a crucial. I thing that if we find out the appropriate goal that we want and persist to reach it we must be ambitious.
