Who is the ambitious?


Every person in the world has ambition: this man dreams to be a doctor, this woman dream to be a teacher and all the people in the world dream to be respectable and to live care free. Therefore, the people study and work hardly to realize their dreams. The people in the world, specially in our society, consider the ambitious person; because they look at him the successful person who can realize his dreams such as buying a big house, beautiful car and visit all the countries in the world and because they can not realize their purpose in spite of they fail several times. But there are limits for ambition, because there are people do not know how to use this ambition in useful goals, some people have ambition to pay off somebody or to avenge somebody, this people we can not called him ambitious people because they do not know what is the really meaning of ambition.


In addition, there are people who use their ambition to collect money and to spend it on women, drugs, and something discreditable and unhealthy. This kind of people we can not regard him ambitious but criminals because these criminals destroy their family, society and people who are they patronize with him.

In other hand, there are people in the world earn to be respectable and laudable, because they are respect the meaning of the ambition and they apply the really ambition; this kind of people, unfortunately, are less in the world. This people ambition is to be respectable, have a good job, beautiful husband car and to live a calm life without problems with their families, this kind of people are convinced of their life and it is enough to him to have this demand and they do not dream to have a money in the bank and companies as against a care free life.


When we ask ourselves what is the reasons that changes this intension of ambition, we discover that the demand of the life is the cause: every person need a expensive  car, a big house, a good job, big companies, and to be rich in any way; but not all the people, therefore the people live in class war case and everybody want to be the best in the world, the rich people do not have a problem to be the best, but the poor people who can not realize all this demand life because they do not have a money, they try to realize this demand in any way.



Therefore, the meaning of the ambition changed to the class war, and this people are the more in our world and society.

At last, we should try to understand the meaning of the ambition and not to use our ambition to realize a dangerous goals whom destroy our life and our children and friends; we should to use our ambition to achieve a calm life then to realize slowly our demand by using our mind and content and to convince ourselves that the life is not only the money, in truth it is a happy life and the calm life.
