It has become very popular that societies consist different ethnic, religious and language groups in Israel, for example, we familiar with this issue very well. As we all know there are different types of groups who live together and it's causes a lot of argument and dissensions among themselves. This subject is also known as a dividing manner in the community however, all the groups, in most cases learn to lives peacefully. In this composition I'm going to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of living in such a society, the religious, ethical and economical concerns and the implications. In addition whether it would be better to live in a society composed of a single ethnic group with one religion and one language.
As we mentioned, living in a society who combine different kind of groups, cultures and languages can be in dispute subject. Like many issues it has its supportive and enemies.
Let's take Israel for example, according to some people who against to this way of life, living with religious – for instance- and Arabians is a burden to the society. They claim that they feel like these people actually force them to accept their beliefs and their delay life. We also most to remember that due to the fact that in the past years many of new immigrants had come to Israel and the community in Israel was introduced several cultures a thing that many people wished that it took place. Moreover, some will say that the new immigrants "take over" the country and there are the main causes that there are not jobs.
Contrary to these people there are many who think that it is a great opportunity to get acquainted with a new cultures customs, languages, and meeting new people with a different life style.
There is another point and it is the Arabic Israel. There are people that can't and won't accept the presence of the Arab in our community. In their opinion the Arab people is the main cause to our condition in the defense manner. On the other hand people claim that the Arabians are the key for the economic growth, because they are a cheap labor which is necessary to the country.
We came to the clear assumption that living in a society consist of different groups is sensitive manner who has it own supportive and opponents.
I have the feeling that it will be remaining as a spoken subject and a social concern as long as humanity exist. The culture issue combing with the religious issue and the social economical issue will give us constantly something to explore about. In my opinion I found it practicable to live with other groups and cultures as long as we honor each other and we don't penetrate to other person's life and religion. I think that we should be more patient and tolerant and we probably eventually will enjoy having this kind of life.
