Ambition it the desire to improve status in the world, to become better with higher quality, people dreams on perfection, therefore they become ambitious. We consider "ambition" to be a good thing for many reasons, first of all the person who gets ambitious, starts in major changed in order to fulfill his requirements. This things he begun helps him for sure and people around him, ambitious guy to not rest until he gets what he wants, so he works around the clock in order to improve his status and people love this way of life.

In addition to that people love to see changes all the time, and ambitious guy makes huge changes in order to make his dreams come true.

Other people consider ambition a good thing for they love to see other people make what they couldn't done, they support them to get to the targets they put for themselves.


The dangerous of becoming ambitious are many, people can suicide if they don't know when to stop, they become addicted to ambition which makes them think on themselves only, and in this way they become devils. Sometimes they try to make there own success on the failure of theirs, they can be ready to steal, beat and even to kill in order to get to the aim they put for themselves. Also they can destroy complete society for there own targets, and even a whole country to make himself most comfortable, like what see and hear happening in south America's countries.

Others can ignore many duties for the sake of "ambition" think they work for, this is bad for them, and they neglect themselves and lose it at the end. What a man can win when he lose himself and win the whole world!

This example you have given is truly apply to me with some changes, my father was worker in gas station and my mother English teacher, when I was born they become ambitious to raise me up in best way they can offer to me. They faced many problems in the way, to be a teacher and a mother is very difficult, it very hard to manage between to families if you understand what I mean.

She had to a wife. Mother, teacher all in one time and this is above here ability, so they decided after deep though, that should retire from working as a teacher, not that she have me only but she brought another 2 children. In this they continued in there way without this obstacle. To sum up I strongly believe that ambition is very good thing, if you know how to use it in the right way. You have to focus and not ignore the people around you, help them as they help you thought the way, it can be long so be patient in order to feel free with the others.


Light comes from the dark like the morning come after the night so don't give up no matter what happens. The way I see it man have to put some borders, in order to be in the right method to his own success if he wants to make changes, then he should make many agreements with the others on that, he can't live alone in a complete society. To try your best means to work very hard, to complete the tasks you have been given, the time is very short and the work is never ending, so do your best to complete them as good as you can.

No one knows what is waiting for him maybe success and maybe failure, nevertheless keep trying until you make your own way, in this hard life indeed. God gave us the mind to think with it, and the heart to feel with it, we have to use them wisely, in order to get what we want, the way we wanted.
