The 'hosting ' of the " a new land" culture "a home for the Jewish people". So the pioneers of Israel defined the old-new intent country.

Did the odor Herzl ever imagine the way Israelis face will look after its independent reception?

Did he ever think of the vast and diverged faces, smells, colors and sounds this humble scrap of soil will host?


In the early 50's, the massive waves at Jewish home comers have reached its pick.


The Israeli leadership of those days, headed is Ben Gurion had decided to force all new home comers to, behave in the leading culture of the majority in Israel – the western way of life.

Melting pot they named that plan, which was seriously hard to take by oriental home coming Jews, whom lives in an eastern so cities, under the law of Islam.

The plans seemed neat and effective, yet underneath the surface it failed. Small groups of – visually oriental groups were placed in remote towns, were they simply preserved their old manners and culture.

The melting pot plan fell, and mode space for cultural formalism is the freedom of culture in one country/land.


Cultural formalism is a rainbow of diverse cultures and their goods.


The wider this rainbow gets, the bigger color selection is. Each group offer its food, therefore the taste since allow us to get closer to other groups, each group obtain a wall of wisdom to share among the Israelites.


Ghosting ? funding


The most important tool for the search after wisdom is the language. We will always deepen our knowledge as long as the ethnic groups preserve their mother tongues.


Israel is democratic, and defends the freedom of faith of its people.


Whereas oriental cultures like Iraq and Afghanistan force its people the ways of Islam, Israel support each group and its religion.

Israel is the only Jewish country in the world, thus allow freedom of all Jewish manners and habits along with Christianity and Islamic traditions. The philosophy of live and let live is translated into acts, in Israel.


Democracy is splendid, but seriously rare in the mid east. Therefore once cultural formalism is going out of control and loses the cement that puts all part of the Israeli cultural puzzle; it’s a threat for the living.


Ever since 800 years ago, Islam spreads west words, erasing the local heritage and culture. The commitment to jihad is the fuel that flame wars in the area for the last hundred years and more.

Intolerance and injustice caused the Arab living in Israel, by the Jews, has prompt fights as well.

In dark times, the, delicate relations between the Jews and Arabs becomes flammable. Therefore, the expansion of small groups might incrust the risk for a blow.


A cultural puzzle like Israel, whose its components are colorful, might lose its main image and seen like on big messy sketch.


Each group insist on preserving its tradition and on their stubborn way the flatten the ground culture of Israel, the language which only 100 years ago was revive by Eliezer Ben Yehuda, the ancient poetry and art. All of this becomes pole when such-cultures are turning more and more remote.

The old new Israeli culture is turning to a ghost culture once again.


If we'll simulate the culture of Israel to a human body the internal organs will be the groups, whist the spine is Zionism, the brain is democracy and the heart is Judaism. Let's hope for good health. Amen.
