Modern age living in a multicultural society is the product of racism


"All men created equal", this unbelievably popular quote has been repeated through out history, but has it ever been questioned? If this quote is true, then how can we explain the formation of ethnic groups, religious separation, and racism once a community of so – called equal individuals is established?

This debate of, if modern age living in a multicultural society is the product of racism, is explored by these categories: religious disputes, separation of a society due to different languages and ones personal anger towards another of a different race is the seed of racism. You can be the judge of where start the roots of racism.

It is evident that in every multicultural society there are a number of religions, anywhere from Christianity to Buddhism. These religions, although healthy to the spirit and mind, are blindly separating the society into groups behind there backs. Once beliefs of these religions reach a peak they begin to lead a way of life. In a society filled with numerous groups, each living a different way of life, the visions of dispute begins to appear. Any small religious disagreement fuels a dispute among all parties involved. These disputes are sources of racism.


Every culture comes from different areas of the world, thus culture is the property of different native languages. Majority of individuals find themselves relating better to others who share there native language, and usually prefer to connect with them on a regular basis. This common language forms the upcoming of groups which leads to the separation of a whole society. These separations alike to those of religions are also extremely poisonous to the well being and prosperity of a society.


A society as a whole cannot progress and work together with a lack of communication, which inflicts arguments of which group is responsible for each mis-happen in the society, these arguments are also a source of racism.

Each individual is walking on his own road in life, selflessly but naturally tending to his needs to get by. When one of another race interferes these individual tasks, by taking his job, stealing his girlfriend or something violent like robbing his home, this individual blames not only the person but maybe sometime even the whole race. There have been countless experiences proving these actions, when this occurrence repeats itself time after time to a growing number of people and tensions grow stronger, begin to form new types of groups in a society "hate groups".



The lives of people of people in a society once separated into groups begins to meet racism. These topics have all unfortunately lead to a conclusion that a multicultural society is in fact a product of racism.

The sad thing is, even though we realize the root of our problem it is simply unavoidable.


(sorry, the conclusion is short, I ran out of time)
