We live, now, in a versatility world, a world that was not like this in the past, we have the possibility to live in a multicultural world; this often gives us a way to know and understand different people cultures, ways of life and societies. Because of our global village world we can know what happens all over the world, but not only that, we can also get open to a different ideas and ways of life, we can choose what believes are fitting to us, we can choose what we most like to eat, to see, to listen to and to know, and all of that is because we have a world that gives us the opportunity to get all the information about different cultures.


This option not only gives us the way to choose what we like, it also gives us the way to be tolerance to other people, and by that to be more open, accepting and understanding people and society to other, who are different from us. The accepting and understanding of different cultures can give us, Israel, as a nation maybe a different way of looking at our "enemy", maybe we can now look at them as a society which is different from us, and understanding that, can give us the option to understand them better, and to solve our problems.


The only problem that can come out from a multicultural world is the risking in losing and forgetting different aspects from different cultures and societies. By taking the points that we like from each society and combine it with all kinds of other societies, we may lose the main things (believes, tradition) of a culture and by that we forget the main essence at a culture, a society, our self, our past! And a person can not go forward if he doesn’t know where he came from.


If we will forget our past, the base of us as a nation, culture and society, and we will mix up with the whole world, we will lose our unique, we will lose what was really made us different at the first place, and by that we will not longer be what we were. If we lose our unique our society eventually will become the same as other.



In the huge-small world we can't escape from the influence of different cultures of each other, that influence is mutual and unavoidable.

This multicultural world gave us the variety of cultures, languages, arts, believes food and a lot of aspects in our modern life which now part of it.


A society like our which is dynamic and changing, and willing to accept changes, a society which is already variety and you can't live in it without knowing things about others societies and culture and is better with understanding, in changing, in accepting the different and in combing with the different than a society which is narrow, and can't accepting the different and can't be tolerant to a different people and culture from it. A society like our eventually is more open and pluralistic and can give the person in it to be what he want and do what he want and accepting what he choose to do and be without any judgment because it's a society, which is open to a variety and to the possibility that each person in unique and different and a good right environment for it people is the are that accept them as they are with all their different similarity between them.
