Most modern societies consist of different ethnic, religious and language groups, most citizens are participating in different institutes, different work places, schools, those who are from different ethnic should be meeting and talk and even participate in the same act with somebody from the other ethnic.

There are many people against the concept to live in a society which consist of different ethnic groups. They think about this society disadvantage, because maybe different religions will influence each other in a bad way, each religion has its own rules and own thoughts. Some religious are taking care of the outside appearance and this is a very important thing for them. Also they didn't want to learn the bad qualities from others.


Another important disadvantage in how to communicate with each other sometimes it is difficult to learn new language or to talk in a different strange language when you are with the others.


But I think that it is better to live in a society which consist of different ethnic groups, having a different ethnic groups in your society gives you a great chance to widen your scope and to know more about life.


Most religious believe in other ones, and most religions have many rules which deal with ethics. Every one must respect all the other from any other ethnocentrism and every human body. And that you must look to others at first that they are human being like you, they have their own rules, religion, thoughts and way of life and you must respect these things. Every one must do what his religion asked or must work according to his religion rules without to interfere in others, he must think just about his work.



Different language in one society helps most people to learn new other language. Because when you meet others who speak in a strange language maybe in your work, in the street, in your school, or even when you go out to do shopping or to spend a nice time, then you must talk to the strangers.


On that way you are learning their language and help them to learn your own, not only their language but also you learn many things about other cultures and you learn how to understand their feeling and their way of living.

All of the things will help you to be a good person with a good characterizes who can interpret and understand the important things in life.



No one can judge the person by his religion or by his language, every human being is different from the others on his outside appearance and the most important thing is what he had inside, how he respects others. In most modern societies there is an ethnic minority who are minority of different racial origin than that of majority and they have their own ethos. Which are especially of their group that they must respect and work according it?


So different ethos should not effect the different ethnic groups behaviors, and should not be the way to judge others, everyone should think firstly about his way of life, specially those who are living with a different ethnic groups they must think if they can adjust with the others and if he can live with other stranger, or not, then to decide how to continue in his own way of life. Maybe to stay and adjust with others or to go away to other place which composed of single ethnic group. But it think that those who have the ability to adjust with others and who want to improve his life skills and to know more about life, should try to understand and communicate with other from different ethnic group .
