My father was entered by nature to be a cheerful, simple farm hand, quite and happy in his life. In spite of that he was miserable in the same time because he did not have a partner for his life and he was feel always lonely and weariness.

He did not had a person taking part him his happy times and consoling his unhappy times until he meet my mother.


He meet her in the school here she is teaching and he favorably impressed by her lovely relation to the children, then he loved her so much, he love her love that we do not find like it in our days.

He found her good partner for his life and found his lost love and hope. He was meeting her day by day and spoke to her in the telephone every hour and thought about her all the time. She was reciprocated him this love and those feelings and they married…

It was a big wedding that was invited to it so many people. And the people spoke a lot about this wedding, my mother was so ambitious and she wanted her wedding to be the best.


My father and my mother were an agreement in everything, their thoughts and opinions were similar, in spite of that there were some different and disadvantages between them. They were ignored those negative things or the love made them blind this fact. If they continue to ignore those disadvantages it may become problems in the future.


After the marriage the troubles began. The bad things, the bad characteristics began to exposed, because after the leaving together and the association the person expose in his truly character. It says that if the first year of marriage was good so the marriage will be good.

When I born the responsibilities and the ambitious were increase so the troubles and the problems were also increase. My mother want to buy to me this and my father want to buy that.


My mother wants this school and my father want that school…

She wants to enter me to the best school because she wants me to be the best she did and still does the best for me.

They planed my future and even my marriage.


After living together the person's characters are change. The man takes his partner's characteristics or become to be like him and become to think like him. Every couple try to expose their lovely and happy family to the people, try to look like the best family in the eyes of the people, so they have big ambitions to do everything that make them be the best even if they have many problems inside of their home. That view my ambitious mother who in spite of the fact that she is a teacher she is ambitious to be more, to be a principal (headmaster) for instance.


Consequently, my father was a simple man till he meets my ambitious and venture mother, he become to be like her ambitious. So the ambition in our house is big.

The people think about the ambitious person, that he is good and does the best for the sake of his family and he can realize all his dreams.


If the ambition is increase very much so it may or it might turn to become a trouble.

So if a person was so ambitious and built dreams and hopes and in the end can not realize its and its dreams are fail he will be disappointed and sad, and this will cause troubles.


If the person knew that he can not realize everything he dreams about, and he has some ambition that he sure that he can realize he will be happy and satisfied in his life.


There is some proverb in Arabic that says: "Everything increases more than his limit it will be decrease".


For example if someone was dream to be a doctor, has a big clinic and a many sickness people, all the people speak about him that he is the best doctor…and when he fail to realize his dream I think he will be in a bad mood and will be the sadness person in the world and it may create a lot of other troubles for this person.


Finally, I have not another thing to say except that the person has to be factual and effective and not too much ambitious because such I said everything increase more that this limit it will be decrease…
