Living in such modern society gives us more advantages than disadvantages in our life, where on the other hand living is a single ethnic group society we could have more disadvantage as a result of the one language, our religious which leads to the same thought and tradition.



The single ethnic group society means that it’s a society that consist of people from the same origins, same religions, same language and all this leads to the same tradition and thoughts. This kind of society has very good advantages like protecting the language they speak without mixing it with other language, keeping this religion and thought protected without the effect of other societies on them but at the same time the people of this societies stay more narrow minded than other societies more closed, in addition to the education part in this society stays limited.


Where on the other hand in modern societies that consist of different, religious, ethnic, and languages groups people are exposed to more religious more cultures and more languages people in these societies are multi cultured they can speak more than one language, they can know more than one religion and they can have the advantage to live in any part of the world if they want because they are used to mingle with other societies different than their, what its harden for a person who live in a single ethnic group society to do that. The educational part of these multi cultures societies are very good because of this mixing out cultures in the same country people can learn more than one language even three or four, a good example of that is Israel when we can find people who speak five or six languages, like Hebrew, Arabic English, French, Russian, and Spanish, but sometimes this mix at languages is negative somehow because knowing too many languages takes the importance of a certain groups language, in addition to that people start mixing phrases or words from different languages together.



However, it is very clear and natural that every ethnic group protects their beliefs, thoughts, feeling and language as much as they can. And this happen more with a group that lives in a mixed society than a single ethnic group society.



At the end both societies, the single ethnic group or the multi cultured society have advantages or disadvantages, either if it's with protecting this language and religious thought or feelings. Living in both depends the people or on the person himself or on the group of people. The better society to live in whether its multi ethnic groups, or single ethnic group depends on the people because they are the ones who make society.
