As in nature it may seem that certain authoritarian folks might undertake the leader ship.


While less masterful groups will be compulsive to be ruled by such a dominant control. And as up look back to any ancient religious society, we come across a solitary ruling a associated with determined constitutions, that often, are taken from the religion and its believers, giving them the control of everything including the citizen's personal way of thinking.


Being living in a city, exposes me to various types of societies…rich and inveterate, not less than my own. And together they are complexes to construct this huge system which we know as the city!


Thanks to modernism and its impacts, these two instances mentioned before are no longer prevailing. But still, we haven't been, yet, living under a strange, in which all groups that are found in a society are equalized.

Different societies have various religions and persuasions. A language differs according to society's amount of added cultures and so. Their languages whom mostly compose not just special ways of communication but maybe reflect the religions themselves. All these contents build and support enlarging the society's development, in all fields.


A very widespread phenomenon, which happens spontaneously to whom are living in modern society, is the coalition of the individual in his surrounding environmental world or space. This process describes the impact of the external elements, such as strange religion and language on the individual's comprehension, and measures his ability to take maximum advantage as a result of being exposed to new history or mentality that is different from his own…



Such an phenomenon doesn't happen in a society that consist of a single religion and language, and therefore, people related to such societies don't get enriched while other city citizen become to know more languages and cultures closed societies decrease the process of modern civilization and therefore, shall stop ruling and interfering in civic cases if no compromising happens in order to create suitable environment to most people.
