All of us are people who have aims and serious targets which attract us to different sides of life. Human without ambition is not a human, because our ambition is the main motive for making an advance in our life. It makes our life more attractive more encouraging exactly like an analgesic. In order to achieve our ambition we must deal with it as something that considered necessary of our selves as air. When we feel any pain we hurry up, taking our medicine in order to feel better, so our ambition is seemed to be motive for continuing our planning for future.


Enjoying our selves is one of the most important thing at our own life, so everyone and his own way for getting this, that means everyone can considers an ambition as machine which moved by us, and it of sure being different from one person to other, it depends on his hobbies and his own principles at life. So our society is full with simple people beside strong and poor people who can achieve their ambition by their physically not their economical one.



Unfortunately there are so many people who thinks that money is the only way for getting our aim, they even look at other by their economic look, they try to persuade us that they are more better than poor people, so their behavior is an indication of incurious, person who is from this group of people can consider that he can get every thing he wants at life among these things his ambition, and this is really .very complicated, because they can't understand one big truth, that there are things they can't buy by their money. Although they know that it's one of the bigger shocking behaviors in our own selves.



Our society is suffering from serious phenomenon which can be considerate as the most dangerous one, this phenomenon is talking about the problem that we never say what we really want to say!!

Son in our society people most interesting about what people can say about us!! No matter what we extremely want from our selves. So many of us have the intention of being "cheerful" but our scare of what people can say is the main reason for prevent our selves from doing this, so we destroy our hobbies our ambition and our own future all of this just because of our scare that's not enough, it will be more

complicated when you meet educated people who makes you feel confused ashamed, as a result someone who intending marry an educated woman will think that she is more better than him and he try to change his ambition to other even if he hate it.



Every person and his own ideas, ambition, so sometimes to be ambitious person, makes you behave as irresponsible person, what cause you a serious condition with serious consequences, it means to be ambitious person doesn't mean to have the right to make crazy things. For example there are a lot of people who always have an ambition to be a pilot when he became a pilot he have the ambition of flying at night!! So he decided to try this despite of his confidence that his attempt will probably kill him.





In conclusion, it is very exciting to be ambitious person to do what you like to get your advance in future, but we should realize the perfect way for doing this without causing damage for other, and to be aware of our ability of achieving our aims no more and no less.
