Being ambitious is an essential thing in life, when you desire to improve your status in the world, and when you want to live the fantasy of life, you would be an effective person in the society. Who hate being successful in his life?? Of course no one, I think that the ambitious people hate being at the same level or status, they always desire for improvement and look for more.


I believe that behind every success story there always an ambitious character that cross his/her hard way to reach the goal. Every one born with his own thoughts and he grow up trying to adjust these thoughts with the real life, he will face a lot of obstacles in his way which may weaken him and push him back. However, it is count on the amount of hope and ambition which the person has to overcome any kind of obstacles and difficulties.


When you believe on your self and on your ways which you had chosen so you have to be sure that nothing could stop it's good to have this self confidence since no one can help you if you lose it, but I think that man should know how to estimate his abilities, in order to be able to match them with his dreams and aspirations, I know a story about a man who was so ambitious, he begin from the lowest levels, he studied at the university with the hope to become a lecturer there. He successfully achieved his studies and became a lecturer, after less than two years he left his job to establish a newspaper  of his own, so he became a very successful editor, his dreams never reach to an end, his ambitious thought go on, he always was unsatisfied with his position and desire for more.

He worked so hard, people thought that he was addicted to work, he was sure that he could achieve whatever he want, and he had the feeling of perfection, he was willing to do everything in order to reach his goals even to kill, he was able to get rid of any one who may compete against him. This makes him lose his modesty and he becomes a very arrogant person, people avoid him, and he becomes one of the haughtiest men in our village. So he starts with a greet ambition to achieve his goals, and he did, but in his way he lost the people's love.


From this story I learned that it is important to achieve your goals as well as you had to maintain your modesty and humanity.

As a teenager I have a lot of dreams and ambitions and I know that I have to work hard in order to achieve them. It require effort, tiredness and discomfort, but it is not possible if I really want and when there is a strong well, in the other hand if I couldn't achieve some of my dreams I may give up and try to achieve another one, or even to satisfy with what I have done, because I think that sometimes you should be content of what you had achieve rather than being sad of what you had not. This is my philosophy in the life and I think that it is work.


Finally, it's important to be ambitious because you need that; however it's important to be satisfied with yourself because life needs that.
