Good literature – a healthy way of life.


There are some processes that are a very important of our life and an inseparable part of them. In comparison with eating and sleeping, reading is one of them. These are necessary to our body. If we don’t eat our body get weak, the immunity from diseases would be ruined and we would finally die. Without sleeping, our body cannot rest properly and we won’t be able to renew ourselves. Reading is like food and water to our life and mind. Another process is sports which is important for our health. Sports makes one feel fresh and alive. Without it we could get fat and lazy. Like sports that give us strength and encourages us to continue our day effectively, reading improves our mind and keeps it “fit”.


There are a lot of acts by which we become aware changes. Through seeing, hearing, smelling, etc. Every person improves his perception in a different way. Some choose the television or the radio. Others prefer and the internet. None of this, in my opinion, is a real improvement. In the ways I mentioned you don’t really have to think. The pictures are moving in front of your eyes and the sounds are passing through your ears. When you take a book into your hands you already start to think what is it about or what is the moral in the end. Any literary text can be defined as a “good literature”.

There is always something new to learn and develop your personality.


In a book I read recently – “Rachel’s Holiday” by Marian Keyes – I felt I changed. It influenced me a lot by its charming writing and realistic plot. The story is about a girl addicted to drugs. She didn’t realize it till she was forced to go to a rehabilitation course for addicts. She thought she was having a normal life. The discussions and arguments she attended exposed her real way of life and her outlook on life. The girl went through a tough process which made her realize she only needs to believe in herself in order to get things better. This book made me understand how much believing in yourself helps solve things out and makes you feel better with yourself.


Reading books also sharpens your intellect and enlarges your opinions. When you read a literary text you can improve your vocabulary and knowledge. People can become more intellectual just by reading. For a start an article in the newspaper. I personally read the “Jerusalem Post” every day and I find “good literature”. After “practicing” the news, best-sellers are must books because you can learn so much from them. If you are a diligent reader your opinions improve. You will be able to talk about any issue given or discussed.


In conclusion, reading books is health both for your mind and spirit. You can become a better person.
