“Good literature” to me is what makes a person use their brain, to think of the different meaning that this text offers. It makes the reader wonder if what he knows is what it truly is, or maybe it has another meaning, maybe they are looking at it from the wrong angle. It makes a person doubt what he knows, what he sees, what he understands, that maybe, just maybe, it is not what it seems to be.


“Good literature” does not bore you with its text, it makes you want to read it again and again so that you understand its full meaning, that you do not want to miss a single word, because that word would change the whole message of the text. It gives you the will to expand your horizon, it may even expand your vocabulary without you knowing it.


When a text arouses a debate between two people (or more), since each person read it and understand it in a different way. When it makes a person want to convince the other what the text means to him/her, when the text is powerful enough to do that, that makes good literature.


I have not have read many texts in my life, although the ones I did read are the ones that truly appealed to me. They are the ones that great minds wrote, great minds read and great minds found influential. That may be the main reason that I do not read much. I do not find many interesting texts, they do not all appeal to me.c













There are many subjects to write about, and there are many ways to write them. But the thing that separates a good text from a bad one is only the impression it leaves on people. You may find some texts that talk about simple situations interesting, the subject may even be considered foolish, but the way it is delivered is the most important thing, because that is what makes the difference.


Nowadays when a person enters a library, he/she finds hundreds of sections, thousand of writers, millions of books, that does not mean they all are “good literature”. A person that understands what good literature means realizes that and disregards the texts that he/she does not find appealing. Although the saying is : “don’t judge a book by it’s cover” most people do not use it, I am one of those people because I think the representation of that text is very important. It has to catch the readers eye, it has to attract them, it has a great effect on what the reader chooses, even if said otherwise.


Although in this essay I mostly talk about books, I think that good literature is also found in magazines, newspapers, and in studies. However what I mentioned before about books also applies to those texts.
