From the beginning there was no literature, writing and reading were permitted only for men of religion; later, kind of literature was developed “the Farce”, and his role was to amuse the people during the ceremonies. As we see literature didn’t exist and so culture. After this period of time, the desire of reading and writing became bigger and theatres begin to attract all kind of people, to see different kind of plays, who are thirsty for literature.


Literature express the point of view of each person, it differ from one person to another, it depend on experiences of each one : his way of life, his childhood, his culture, his problems (economical, political) and especially what is connected to his personal life. These changes creates new genres of literature and this change is obvious when we look at the development of literature in Europe from tenth century to the 20 century.


Not every literature is a good one. The classicism consider “good literature” when we find these three Unities : the unity of action, the unity of time and the unity of places. For every century we can find his own good literature, who forced his poet to respect his rules and disciplines, and by that to be a “good poet”.


I have read many literature texts, from all the periods and I realize that each period has it’s own reflection on my opinion and personality. From my point of view every literature is a “good literature” only if we read it in the right way, only if we know the purpose of this text and the background of the poet and the causes behind him who push him to write this kind of literature.



Actually I have read only French literature, and it’s a very rich one. We can divide it in different categories, an educational literature, an artistic literature, surrealistic literature. Let’s look an example from “Moliere”: He was issue from a Bourjoise family, who decided to be an actor, when all the actors of his time were executed, after that he became a poet for the King.  All his poetry show one obsession, all his characters had one obsession, who show us the situation of his society, he ridicule from all the people who pretend that they are from the high society.

This literature enlarge my personal point of view if the life, and this situation which was in the period of Moliere continue also in our days.


Another poet, “Baudelaire” for example: he had a very sad childhood, that let him find security in drugs. His father died when he was a child, and his mother married an officer who was very intolerant with him, so we can see from his texts and poetry that his life was shared between the spleen and the ideal. His poetry is very rich of vocabulary, metaphors and similitude. His literature improve my perception of life.


There is no one “Good literature”, even non one “Good literature text” has influenced the development of my own personality, but many poets, and many good literature contribute to formate my personality but if you insist, “Marcel Droust” a French poet who writes the book “A cote de chez scaon” and where he describe with a very sensibility, and who let you feel, smell, taste, and see everything he writes has a large influence of the way how I think, because he let you enter deeply in your mind and search for every sensation, for every image, his literature develop your sensation, sharpens your intelligence  and took you for an imaginary world mixed with a lot pleasure and sendibility.
