In the ancient times, when mankind was making the first steps in its way to development and civilization, human beings were so simple and primitive life was only a process of acts one does daily in order to survive.


Time passed, and even in the wildest fantasies of any of us no one had ever imagined or dreamed of the great developments we witness nowadays, people have managed to create another image of life, they have a accumulated lots of knowledge and understandings, in every aspect of life. So one started to wonder about the reason of his existence, trying to find answers to many questions he thought about while living his daily life, so each started to struggle in order to prove, firstly to himself and secondly to the people around him that he's following the right path in life while explaining the principles he believes in.


Nowadays, one is exposed to many events and things so he can be affected very easily, mostly if he lives in a tense reality and he looks for a way out so he can enjoy and accomplish his targets.


The massive use of Media, the suternet network, the social structure of the communities is factors which influence one plans and acts. Today, terms like "game of life" and "business of living" are commonly used to describe some kind of lifestyle or some product someone is trying to sell.

As if one has bought that car they advertise everyday on the stations, for instance, he'd happy till the end of time, ___, his problems would be solved and he'd live joyful ever after.


Unfortunately, the impression that one gets after seeing this kind of commercials is the impression I mentioned, and the majority of the people thinks that way. Many are fast convinced, and they go invest in projects that, in most of the cases, they don't necessarily need it.

But when they think of the possibility of being happy together with their craving for joy and tranquility they are ready to pay how much it takes to reach happiness.


In my opinion, these terms can't determine the way my life should be, because, the life I want to have should be based on clear thinking and clear targets, god gave me a precious gift and I have to use it wisely. The chose of my lifestyle would be a result of lots of experiences, knowledge and carrying much conviction; due to my realistic way of thinking it will take me a long time to choose what I think is the right path to follow, after consider all things involved in this decision.


So the real meaning for these terms to me is just another possibility I can try or consider doing to add some meaning to my life and to accomplish my dreams.

But I never think of these terms and their meanings as the solution to all my problems, or as the key to a better life and all that other big slogans that leave a very strong impression usually on people.

I always try to have low exceptions about new things or critical ones, as it was said once: "happy is the ----- that doesn't expect anything, he'd never get disappointed".

It happens a lot that something takes the wind of one's sails or any other prevention, and this might be very tough to some people so I try to prevent going through these experiences – disappointments.

These terms can influence everybody's behavior and values depending on his personality and the strength of his principles.

In my case, these terms can only arise some interest to know, but total convention comes after a long process.



To conclude, I won't ever be able to act in a way contrary to my values in order to "win the game of life" or to "succeed in the business of living", I may, however, try to combine the things I like and I think are okay so I can have a real good life. When good life to me is satisfaction, love, health and joy. It is making all my dreams come true, and giving a just meaning to my life to myself. And not a product or a project or some kind of sports.
