Good literature must do some good to the reader : must improve his perception, sharpen his intellect and enlarge his personal opinions.


Many people like to read books during their free time. There are many types of  literature. Some people like to read romances, some like novels, some like to read poetry, some like comics, historical books – each person chooses what they like.


A book well written should have at my opinion a few aspects. The most important of them is the language – of course the level of the language should be adapted to it’s readers. When I talk about the language I include both the vocabulary and the construction of the sentence. While reading a book it is very important that the reader enriches his vocabulary but at the same time it is also important that he enjoys the book and understands the contents, therefore it my opinion he should try to choose a book taking in consideration the level of his language. I don’t talk about reading a book in a foreign language! People who like to read poetry novels that were written many years ago, sometimes bump into new words – the words are new to them because they are not used in the current language that they speak today. The language develops from day to day and many words that were used then are no longer used today, but like I said before, it is important to learn new words from time to time even if they are not used in the current language that we speak every day.


The second aspect that one should take while choosing a book at my opinion is the size of letters. In many books the printing of the words is very small in order to save money. The more words we get in a page – the less we pay for the book. I myself find this very disturbing – when I read a book I would like to enjoy the story. I would certainly not like to make an effort on trying to read the word. I remember once I had to read a book and do a book report – a friend of mine recommended that I read a book called “The Railway Children” and so I went to the library and took it. I started reading the book, the language was not difficult but the letters were so small that my mind got tired after a short time of reading. I continued reading the book because the plot was very interesting but it took me a long time to read the book.


There are many themes of books and each author writes with his/hers own style based on his/hers life style and experiences! Many things effects the author while he writes the book.


A few months ago, I read an interesting book called “Sotah” by Naomi Regan – Naomi Regan was born in America in a religious family and came to Israel many years ago. She writes her books in English. Most of novels talk about conflicts in the Jewish Religion and are based on true stories! For me it was very important to read this book in English, I think that reading a book in its’ original language gives a better influence on the reader – that is of course if the person knows the language well enough in order to read.


The story tells us about a young married women who was forced to leave her husband and little baby just because she was suspected of committing the crime of adultery.The plot enrolls all the humiliations she had to pass until justice came out. The story touched me deeply and made me learn a few things about - our religion – sometimes religion can be very cruel and unjust and following the way of God should not always be blind. Religion teaches us to do things in the mechanical way, we sometimes don’t even understand the reason for what we do – there might be a logic behind every “mitzva” but then we are not taught the logic. There are many beautiful things in our religion – we just have to find them and think.
