Shakespeare once said something similar to: "all worlds are a stage and we are all actors in it". Do you think he knew it is the key of life? That simple sentence will affect the lives of millions of people.


You can say that life is a bicycle race. When you start riding it's easy but then you are approaching the hill and it becomes harder and harder, you may pass this crisis and may not.

If you passed, then a down hill is waiting for you and also a nice breeze will be blowing all over your body letting you think that you won.

Do not mistake, friend, if there was are hill, there will be another.

If you didn't pass, though, then the race is over.

That is life. Our lives are full of situations. If you passed, then life will "give you a smile", but stay alert, don't let another situation surprise you. Be ready for it. There will be another!!

On the other hand, if you haven't passed the crisis, there won't be a second chance. Your life is over. All you can do is beg for money.


The concepts of your life should be: "I always want to want more"

"I always aim for a higher target"

"I want to reach to the highest level"

"The outer space is my limit".


It is also possible to project this concept in other aspects in life.

A family crisis, for instance. You have lost you job. Your wife isn't working. You have 2 small children at home. This is a major crisis. How can you all live? At the beginning it's easy.

You still have money from your savings. You have sold your car.

Still, you haven't found a job. The bank is limiting your account, canceling your credit card, doesn't respect your mortgage bills then the electric bills.


Your children are screaming: "father we are hungry!"

Not speaking about them wanting to go to MacDonald, for instance. Like the rest of their friends. You can barely provide their basic needs, such as food and clothes.

That is the phase when you are falling apart. You start crying like a baby, realizing your situation. Eventually, you can end up in the streets as a homeless or not even reach to that point, by putting an end to all your suffer and wretchedness. You can choose the way of committing suicide and neglecting your own family, by that, leaving all the debts to your wife, coward.


On the other hand, you could prevent it by not starting to count your life savings money. And just ride up the hill easily.


On the same day that you have lost your job, you should have started looking for another one. If you couldn't have find one than you should have worked in temporarily jobs.

Just for the income, anyway, something is better than nothing. At list you will be able to pay the mortgage.

There may be some difficulty but you might win the race.


Furthermore, if you would have lost your saving, car, house, how would you prepare yourself to the next crisis? You will not have enough time to accumulate the same amount of money. Maybe the next crisis will be in a year? What would you do? Our life is full of obstacles and we must be ready for each of it. Otherwise we will fall down.

You have to know how to play the "game of life". If you don't know then learn quickly, or else, you will not be in this life. You have to learn how to survive the hills in the race and how to enjoy the breeze while going downwards. While you are there, do not forget to think about the next hill and how you will get to the top of it. That is the bicycle race, thus, "the game of life".





To conclude, I would say that the wisdom in the game of life is not by holding good cards, but knowing how to play with the cards you have in your hand.

This way you can play well and while playing you will be able to get more cards and probably better ones.
