Good literature must do some good to all the readers; I know it from my experience. Bused on my experience good literature is a good novel that talks about an interesting story that carries me away to a different world with brave heroes.

Every book is a new rich knowledge that means full of new vocabulary and expressions.

When you read a book you are exposed to a new issue and another kind of someone's opinion. You can find out a criminal's point of view as well as officer's point of view and so on. In fact, you can be anyone and anywhere you wish. These things help you to realize the perspective of the people all over the world, from poor farmers to socialites. Furthermore, it's very effective to learn about yours and others culture, when you read a book that was written by Chinese author you can study a lot about their special lures and mentality, so if you travel there you'll know how to get along with the Chinese people and how to negotiate with them. This was only one example; there are so many cultures you can read about.


From my experience people should read many kinds of literature about subjects they find interesting, that's how they can make the benefit from the books.

I think if someone writes a book, no matter what kind, it indicates that he's a clever and an intelligent person and all of us can learn a lot from him.


I have started to read books and poems when I was very young, the main reason was the fact that I'm an only child and I was so bored. The books and the poems I have been reading all the years contributed to my personality. When I was a young girl, I have been taken to wonderful places and adventures so I could forget about my loneliness.



I have felt a strong connection to literature that I have started to write short stories and poems myself.



A particular literary text I read was about honesty, I realized from that text that being fair and square is the right way to a good and peaceful life, there is no doubt that this text and all the books influenced my adolescence and my relationship with my parents for the best. All my arguments lead to several conclusions:



Literature improves ours perception, opens our eyes to new different behaviors of people all over the world, improves our languages and help us to deal with different kind of problems in life. Moreover, reading literature of any kind you like is a great pleasure and a great opportunity to use your mind, thoughts and imagination.
