"Good literature must do some good….

Literature hasn't been used appropriately in my school, well at least the English literature. It was not thought the way it should be, sometimes it wasn't thought at all, some generations didn't have the opportunity to learn and explore the English literature, and I'm afraid I was one of those unfortunate pupils.


However I'm not a quitter, I start reading the English literature by myself, but of course studying alone is not like learning with a teacher. Literature isn't easy, therefore it should be learned and studied at first, to get to know what is literature, to understand its complex, before you can start enjoy reading it.

Based on my experience a good literature is one that have a complicated plot, which will contained a debate between one and another, that will improve their perception, a mind games that will deceive the readers' expectations through the text and towards the end.

A good literature quality can be also defined with the element of surprise, which will attract the readers and keep them glued to their books. An emotional text with a light of sense of humor and a bit of complication along with some mind games and a surprising end would make a wonderful thing for the readers.


A debate and argument between a small, or even large group will always do good to the readers, a various opinions that keeps the debate going, this way the reader could sharpen his intellect by listening to other's opinion, and see how their mind works, maybe he could learn from that way of thinking, or how to notice things and what to expect later on. Arguments would enlarge people's personal opinions, by hearing others opinions, that's why the text should be al least a bit complicated, so every reader might understand things his way, that’s what, make literature interesting, and you would ask yourself, did I get into the writers head? Have I caught his thoughts? Understood his infection? All these questioning that add the spice into the whole thing.


Personally, I prefer reading a complicated with a sense of humor literary text that contains a mind games also. It thrills me to face a "mind" problem while reading such a text, this way I will exercise my mind which will improve my thinking, enlarge my opinions, help me see things differently, not just from on point of view but many, participating in such a debate as written above, improves strongly a persons personality if he participates properly, my intentions are to enjoy a well written text and also to develop my personality, thy of thinking, sharpness to notice unclear intentions and try to benefit the more that I can because everybody needs to exercise their mind, and literature is one great way to do it, not only you exercise your mind you also enjoy reading it. It's pleasure to read literature that keeps you sharp, expands your knowledge, learn more about others and even yourself, have a few laughs if possible, have a civilized conversation about different in opinion and points of view, also a different perspectives.


Now I'm glad what literature has done for me, even though it was little, but that’s because I've never been thought about literature, I just decided to read myself and I hope that I'll manage to learn and study this kind of literature so I could gain all of its benefits, and also enjoy such a gesture.
