People speak about the "business of living" and the "game of life" as if these metaphors of commerce and sports can adequately determine the way we should live.

What do each of these terms actually mean to you, and how might they influence the values and behavior that you use to organize your life?



Do we solitarily make our choices in life, or are they involuntarily situated by the "business of living" and the "game of life?" These metaphors don't just influence our decision making and structure of life, they aggressively determine them. This control is most obvious to an individual's adaptation in the peer environment, building of personal character, and family structure. Such strong influences put the modern day individual in an almost complete lack of control of his own free will.


Since childhood the effects of the "game of life" are visible to the marked eye. The eagerness to succeed, competition, advantages, and disadvantages all attract one to a peer group. Through the rollercoaster of life one is redirected to other peer groups due to the "business of living". Profession and financial struggle tend to establish ones social life due to the fact that it becomes the individuals main concern, hobbies, which also reflect on an individuals common behavior with peers, are formed by the "game of life".


As the effects of these terms to an individual's adaptation in the peer environment and building of personal character resemble, the effect on ones personal character is much stronger. The character of an individual is formed by his struggles in life put upon him since childhood on behalf of the "game of life". In search for financial support one is forced into a profession which quickly but surely renovates his character. A salesman would be aggressive and won't take no for an answer. A kindergarten teacher will be emotional and sensitive. The "business of living" transfers our working condition into our personal character. During the "game of lives" influence on character we see its effect on family structure. Independence, unloyal, love is all factors that definitely effect parent relationships and strange then or weaken a band. "The business of living", which includes financial concerns, decides for us if and when to get married, and to whom. Personal economical status decides for us if to bring a baby into the world and when.



The modern day individual is some what blinded to his choices of free will be life's accommodations. Peer environment, personal character, and family, the three factors of life, are obviously formed by the "game of life" and the "business of living" route. Should one see and follow his path of life while ignoring these factors, he would be considered unsuccessful in terms of his society.
