"Good literature must do some good to the reader: must improve his perception, sharpen his intellect, and enlarge his personal opinions".

There is a big argument about the issue: "how to define good literature", but in fact no one can define what good literature is, but what people can do is to criticize literature by its quality.

Literature is measured by some criterions: the way it's planned, the language and phrases which is used in this literature, and finally the benefit of reading this literature.


Good literature must be planned and organized logically and gradually in a way to attract the reader and not get him bored, the reader should be involved and excited with the literature he is reading, he must feel the same as the author felt while writing this piece of literature.


Also "good literature" should be written with easy language that people of all ages can read it, with no difficulties, the literature should be clear and easy to understand, that means that the author shouldn't use big words, and hard phrases, such as used in certain articles, which is intended to certain group of people and not to all people.


While reading literature there should be some self – benefit of reading this literature, otherwise why do we read it, the benefit we can get by reading literature it: improving our perception, sharpening our intellect and enlarging our personal opinions.


When reading literature I like to get all the three benefits I mentioned, when reading literature I would like to improve my perception about real life, in "good literature" I prefer to read how do ordinary people mange with real life matters or some times with big issues like marriage, having children, finding a job and getting further in life. "Good literature" also can sharpen my intellect, I prefer to read literature that includes science, explanations for science, nature and scientific issues, I expect that the literature I am reading can give me a few knowledge about our life, maybe some knowledge about religion.

Also I expect from "good literature" to provide me some ideas for political life which can enlarge me personal opinions about many things.


Finally, I can declare: "good literature must do some good to the reader: must improve his perception, sharpen his intellect, and enlarge his personal opinions".

It should be measured by its quality not by the author, his or her sex, religion or opinions.


Critics must be objective to the literature not to the author hi, self, or the size of the book.


After all books and people are the same, not measured by size but measured by quality.
