Good literature is something individual in my opinion. Every person has his own personality and different perception about life. Therefore, I think that what might seem to me a good literature would seem the opposite to others.


My definition of good literature is based on several principles. The first principle is the language of the text. The second one is the content or the plot of the text, and the third principle is the type of literature the text is written.


The level of the text's language is the most important ingredient I look for when I choose a text. I don't like the language of the ancient literary, such as from the 19th century because I find the text too polite and boring.

The level of language I prefer to read is more of the language we use in our era. I find it more amusing, easy to identify with and the text is "flowing". I like it because I don't need to much what the author meant when he wrote the text.

Nevertheless, I don't like a trashy literature such as cheap novels that written as some kind of soap opera. I like a satisticated writing that'll contribute to my intellect and improve my perception.


The content or the plot of the text is as important as the former principle; moreover, in some cases it's even more important. I can choose the level of language I identify with but if the content of the text is not interesting and attractive, I won't continue on reading it. I can't really point on the type of content I like because it depends on the mood I'm in while choosing the literary text I'd like to read at that moment.


The third principle as I mention above is the type of literature. There are many kinds of literature. The types I familiar with are novels, modern Romans, ancient Romans, poetry and children's literature I don't have a particular choice since I love to explore my knowledge. From all of the types of literature I mentioned above, the one I don't find so interesting is ancient Romans because in most of the cases I read that kind of roman I felt like I'm reading a fake reality, a plot that can happened only in books or movies. I prefer to read a type of literature that will influence my own life.


However, of course here are exceptional cases and the kind of literature I don't use to read would appear very interesting. The situation happened to me twice. Once when I found an ancient poetry book at my room in the army, at first I didn't pay attention to it but one night I became very bored so I started reading it and it was fascinating. Although the level of the language was ancient and quite boring I liked it.













Another time it happened to was when I was in hospital. After the birth of my baby daughter I asked my friend to bring me a book so I won't get bored when I'm alone. She brought me a book and my first response was: "what is that boring literature?! This story is from the very past centuries". But as I started reading it I couldn't stop even though it's the kind of literature I would never but or borrow from the library.


A year ago I read a recommendation of a book name "there is god". The author was familiar to me from a novel she has written and I really liked. I decided to by this book which was the first book she has ever written. The type of literature was a modern roman and it was written in the level of language I like the most-sharp, intelligent and written in a cynically way.


The content of the book was very intense. In short, the plot was about a couple who grew up together and had the kind of love I believe in- pure and once loves. They decided to get married but the bride died at the night of the wedding from cancer.  From that point and on, the story develops in different ways and the author successes to increase the tense in the story.


This particular piece of literature has influenced the development of my own personality since I read it in a time of crises in my life: I decided to get a divorce while I was pregnant. At that time I didn't know whether I'm right about my decision but after reading the story, I was sure I'm right. The author succeeded to "touch" my inner thought and feeling threw her writing. I got a lot of straight and self confidence by reading how someone can get over his dearest person's death. The story improves my perceptions about my life. If the hero of the story was that strong I can be strong as much as he was.


I feel that this literary text textually changed my life and every time I'm feeling frustrating, I read it again.

I find myself very different from the time before reading it. My personality has changed a lot in a good way.


I can say that I'm much more nature and my ability to decide improved a lot. I'm much stronger and I won't let anyone humiliate me the way my husband did. I appreciate much more my family, my closest friends and most important- my baby daughter.
