In these days of vast technology and multiple communication Medias literature is being, sometimes, underestimated. Yet still, in a universe filled with visual and audio displays, texts are still a basic necessity.

Whenever there is the need to obtain knowledge, texts are the most generous providers.

There are, of course, various types of texts to provide various types of knowledge newspapers will inform us of recent events, weather predictions and even a bit of gossip for sheer amusement, encyclopedias provide interpretation for historical notions, and the internet will provide a bout anything you seek.


Yet still, with all of that knowledge spread upon so many different sources, each of these sources seem to lack what literature was.

In my personal opinion, literature has it all combined.

Historical novels will provide more historical details than any encyclopedia, because not only it would give the details of a certain time or event, but it would also be telling us the story from an individual point of view. The characters within the plot would tell as much more of what these events had affected their lives, and less of exactly when and where they had occurred.


Unlike historical novels, science fiction novels will not provide us of true and accurate events, however the two do have a thing in common.

A science fiction novel will tell the reader a story, a fiction of accurate events that had allegedly occurred and by that creating an alternative or parallel universe in which the reader can travel. Inside that world the reader may believe that the story told, is true and does give exact details of events that had taken place.

In my opinion any type of literature that allows its reader to create an alternative universe, that whether could or could not really exist, that will exist for those few moments of reading, is good literature. Because other than being sources of information, inspiration and education, boons, stories, poetry and such like are, at least for me, a way of escapism, a break from the daily life, something else to think about and if the text I'm reading happens to be particularly good, somewhere else to be.

That need of taking a break, of gasping for intellectual air, can only be provided only by literature. For as much as the visual media attempts to give people that break they need, it usually fails to give them the details.


Every time knows time is moment, and in the world of television, the meaning of the concept "cut – backs" usually finds expression in thinner plots and richer commercial breaks.

Books, however have not got these impairments seeing as books don't usually go by weight, authors have the liberty and privilege to expand his thoughts and ideas in an almost unlimited manner.

My latest gasp for air was generously provided by two very gifted writers by the names Terry Patchier and Neil Gaiman.






The book "The nice and accurate prophecies by Agnes Notter" is about the constant battle between good and evil, heaven and hell, and endless love versus endless malice. The prophecies tell of the coming Armageddon, that is to be the final test that determines which one of the two sides, heaven or hell, is the stronger one.

This boon provided me with no accurate or nice prophecies of anything about to occur, or the historical document of those that had.


However what it did give me, made it much more enjoyable than most of the books I have ever read.



The book supplied not one, but three different worlds to travel in.

One of them was slightly familiar to me, as it went by the name of earth and the other two (heaven and hell) were brand new.



To conclude my words I should have to say, that in my opinion, any kind of escapism is highly recommended in our harsh world, and reading is indeed the best what to do it.
