In today's society most people talk about the "business of living", as an analogy of trading and sports that tell us or make us live the way we live. People earn money as it is essential to life; we all have to pay rent, but food.


In addition we buy objects, and these objects are sufficient to make us live as we do. In our society we all use chairs. A chair has passed many different shapes and sizes, and each time we suit ourselves to the chair. Before the invention of the chair we sat on the floor and suited our selves to the way nature is and body. All in all most objects are business. In order to do businesses you have to change things make them extremely attractive in order for people to buy them, like the chair, once it was a stool then an arm chair.


We live in a world which lives by the market, whether we want to or not. We all have been affected.


There are many ways and objects that have harmed us. Our health has been effected by business and as I mentioned the chair or not quite because of the chair but business had taught us all well about the chair.


Another way that business has controlled our life is sports. When there is a game on we make sure no matter what to watch the game. Now when the group we like wins we will be happy and when they lose we will be sad. The game of live is a sort of business which has an effect especially on our behavior.


Business of today has a good aspect as we don't need to relay on nature. Before we would live according to nature. We would make our houses out of wood because that’s what supply we had.

The metaphors of commerce about "business of living" do make us live the way we do. We should try not to get too influenced by the negative terms of business.


To avoid the negative terms of business today you need to have a strong character. An example of how it can influence the values of your life is you can love to walk on the beach and do your exercise until they the business field adopts the way people do gym in USA and bring it to our society, then people start going to the gym to do exercise. People get influenced by the idea that the gym is comfortable but is it really.

When doing gym shouldn't you be breathing fresh air, walking barefoot on sand and walking at your paste which your body tells you.  Instead people go to the gym.

Get on a walking machine walking sport shoes and do their exercise in a closed room with no fresh air and above all this has determined the way you should sport.


The commerce of business can determine the way we should live. People of strong character shall live up to their rules.

Knowing how to use things in our way of living and not to be blinded by all businesses. Organizing our lives to suit us and not let the negativity of business control us but only the positive side.



In addition the "game of life" with sports determining the way we should live is only going to be like that if we let it we should take everything in the right proportions.


All in all it is important for us to notice if the business of life can determine the way we should live and if it can and does take a good look if it is affecting you or anyone close to you, if it is you can change it.
