In my opinion, "good literature" must talk about such high values as honesty and respect, loyalty and confidence…courage and trust, and many, many, others. I believe that, literature is in the "eyes of the beholder" meaning, that some literature for one seems unreasonable because he doesn't understands is, and for someone else, will see through it the meaning behind the words, the hidden message behind it, that certain author was trying to pass to his readers.


Each and every author has an individual style of writing, and there is no two alike. Each and every writer is trying to express himself through writing. Different authors have different purposes. However, in the end they all reach to the same point which is sharing with readers their feelings whether it fears, unspoken fantasies or victories that no one knows about.


In modern time you can choose from a wide variety of known and unknown writers, the style which you like the best. Whether its fantasy detective, romance or any other style.


I think that any man (woman) that are reading literature enlarging their personal opinions and the more they read the more they learn, in every way- they are starting to think more deeply about the meaning of life, what we are living for and so on.


Part II

Based on my experience, I can tell that I've read many books, of many writers. Mostly, these books were really good for me- because I became aware of many new ideas in (high) literature that I learned to appreciate. Also it influenced the development of my personality in an unexpected way.


I would like to tell about a particular literature text that has had a lot of influenced on me- the text is talking about enormous love that two people shared, and even when they were, as it seemed never to meet again, they never lost faith, and continued to live, and to cherish these precious moments, when they were together. What amazed me the most was that, they, never lost faith, even when every one of them thought the other dead; they continued a chase, a slight hope to be happy again. They opened up to the world and accepted of its many beautiful things that it had to offer.


I think that I learned a lot from there lines. I have come to know, that each and every day we live we should be grateful about it "as if it was the last day of our lives" – as one smart man have said, once.

Because life is so beautiful and has so much to offer to us that we should never lose faith nor hope in better life.  And to be happy to be alive. I learned that the true meaning of life is to live the moment and to enjoy it, for what it is worth.


I think that after I have read this unique (for me) literature text, I became a better person like heroes of my story gave themselves a chance to be happy again, so I learned to appreciate life more and to be more optimistic.
