The brain is a smart machine. Many neurotransmitters run across and between 2 hemispheres, the right hemisphere and the left one. According to a search on electrical activity in the brain, it's clear that our verbal activities are "located" in the left side of the brain. Important principal is the "crossing law", the "left brain" is responsible for the right side of our body, and the "right brain" for the left.


Though, when we write and speak, we mainly use our left hemisphere, but not only.

Another principle, found 3 decades ago, is the difference in the model of thinking between the hemispheres : the left side analyzes, and the right side gathers things together. Speaking and writing use an output kind of language, we need to create and gather letters to words, words to sentences, and sentences to a whole paragraph, and this is a "right brain" ability!!!


In-spite of the similarities in writing and speaking, there is also a lot of differences between them. Speaking is an action, that done, mainly at interaction between people. We get influenced from other people. The speaking is actually lived between the people. Speaking like an air everywhere : street, market, school, courtyards and universities. However, there is a couple of form of speaking : in a conversation, rhetorical and reporting. All that forms of speaking done in public (usually), and except from the words we can manipulate our language with many kinds of accessories : our tone, loud of voice, our "hand language" and of course the eyes.


Writing is a much more intimate action : we and the papers, or the computer. Even in simple writing "task" like bureaucratic letter, or public writing-in the newspaper or in a court, it is some way of introspection. Our conscious mind is more activate, and we alone, need to travel between the words, and inside them, but just the words.

Apparently is sounds like a disadvantage, but actually we in a way get closer to the language itself – we must use the words.


Today, the lines between speaking and writing is vague, because there are no rules of writing, and you can express yourself as you want and feel. Another reason is the exposed area we live in. In a world of "sex live" in the act, we are in someway marked in front of others. What remains from our self-will? What happened to our introspection ability?


I, myself, don't like to have this definition for writing and speaking, language and words are hold our brain, and in some way are expression for our mind : our brain and soul (what's the definition of mind?) and even our body (eyes, hands, fingers, mouth). I don't think there is a better form of social communication. We have computer soft-waves that "translate" spoken words to a written one. And there are also people who "talk poem" in their daily conversation, or in speech. But in writing we stage the word and behave in front of us – just isolate our idea and thought and get more conscious. Finally, the word has to come out : speaking, writing, dance, it doesn't matter. We have to express our passion for human touch, such as the letters standing abort the knot.c
