I, as a modern 42 year old female, living in a modern, democratic country nearly daily raise questions as to whether our way of life is actually better.


Let us go back to days far gone when the family circle was steadfast and the support system so strong that there existed none of the insecurity, financial and psychological, that we face today. The mother stayed at home raised countless children. The father tended the land, dealt with maintenance of their humble abode. Each in turn had their supportive social hierarchy that aided in time of need and provided cheer and happiness in time of joy.

Mothers tended their own children as well as other family member's children as family units were not miniscule and a whole clan could live on the same piece of land.


Modernization as we know it, has in many instances made our life easier but in many more circumstances just made it more complicated. For instance the countless instances of single parenthood which in itself is a great step forward for society throwing away generations of boundaries but on the other hand causes great stress when some support is missing.


What could be more exciting than planning a trip abroad. The ease and nonchalance with which we today plan trips, all over the world. To spend a week in Paris or travel the hills and mountains of Nepal. To revel in the solitude of a far away exotic island and meeting all the different ethnic groups of every different country and region.


I personally believe the magic of living is that which countries the ability of co-habitation of different ethnic, religious and language groups. There is nothing more interesting and stimulating than meeting, interacting (where possible) and exchanging different view points with people of all different backgrounds.


If only religion did not cause the unnecessary bloodshed and heartache that it does but I do believe that with more and more education and enlightenment, we could hope for peaceful co-existence.


After saying all this, and traveling to all the wonderful places, we see very interesting aspects such as major cosmopolitan cities. All these different groups co-exist together and in more rural areas it is more separate and a single ethnic, religious and language group live. In many cases this group is very cut off from worldwide knowledge but has a strong sense of kindness.


A large cosmopolitan city however offers the different magic of up to twenty different ethnic groups inter-relating and drawing something from each other which is magic in itself.


So life in modern society is very much what we made of it. There is no singular definition of what is better it is more important that each person as an individual achieve fulfillment.
