Every nationality in Israel has its unique and specific norms and behavior, which they bring into Israeli society. In addition to that, the different religions bring with them their beliefs, but everyone chooses to live in his own way and follow the tenets they believe in. Therefore, the best metaphor for Israel society is a salad bowl because Israel is known for its variety of people: different religious, ethnical groups.


Jewish and Arabs live side by side, however, they are separate.

The majority of people in Israel are Jews; it pop arrives about 4 million 350 thousand persons. While the minority is Arab, there scope is only 1 million.  Not only the Arabs are in the minority, but they also are divided in two groups: There are Christian Arabs that counts for almost 152 thousand and the Moslems count 950 thousand. That shows the differences between nationalities, ethnical groups therefore, the discrimination in Israel tend to be to Arabs because they are the minority.


Lack of integration at school.

Most of the Arab pupils in elementary, junior high school and high school schools, don’t study in a Jewish school. For Arab young children, it is a problem first to get into school and when a pupil gets there, he or she has a problem of identity. Which society the pupil should lives in. He should feel part of whether to his neighborhood, or his schools society. The child lives in such a dilemma that may have effect on the child in his or her later age.


Lack of integration at work.

In addition, the work employers in high-tech companies are mostly Jewish. There are few Arabs but still the Arabs don’t get extra promotion like Jewish. Further more importance and qualified are offered to Jew people.   Most of the managements of the big companies are Jews; you will never see an Arabic management in companies such as computer or cellular phones.

Moreover, they don’t let many Arabs work in the airports and when they do, they can't be promoted.

To sum up, I would like to say that Israel is salad bowl for the reasons I developed. Not only because of these issues, but because of also many others that I didn’t talk about or even mention them.
