Israel is among the five leading countries with regarding to the high incidence of car accidents, and while the government and the police are trying to find a solution to this problem the Israeli police have been advised by a Tel Aviv university study group to base the amount of fines for motoring offences on how much the offender earns, rather than having a fix fine for a particular offence. This raises a serious moral issue.

The punishment should fit the crime not the offender regardless of whether it is a motoring offence or other offences. Many car accidents are caused by young drivers. In Israel driving is allowed from the age of seventeen, which is a pretty young age when talking about a very serious issue like driving, and while driving requires maturity and responsibility, many if not most of these young drivers are not matured enough to be able to drive.  Young drivers drive recklessly and behave irresponsibly meanly driving in high speed, many times under the affect of alcohol, while loud music is on, and tend to be influenced by peer pressure that encourages them to drive even more recklessly.  In most cases young drivers also have a low income because they have just recently reached the age when they can begin their working periods as adults, they do not have a profession, or any real working experience. According to that, if the Tel Aviv study group's suggestion is adopted by the police, young drivers will probably pay a smaller fine for motoring offences since they do not earn much, but on the other hand they cause most of the car accidents in this country.

There is a disturbing rise in violent crimes especially among teenagers, and among the minority groups. Lately we are exposed to a lot of crime, no a single day goes by without at list one serious crime taking over the news report, and the most worrying thing about this rise in violent is that it is mostly among teenagers. It is very common these days to hear about a teenager that was stubbed outside a club, or even in school since kids these days carry a knife with them everywhere they go. Teenagers also rape, rube, and kill. Among the minority groups in Israel are the Russians and the Ethiopians. Lately we heard about the murder of a fifteen year old girl from Rehoboth that all she did wrong was to go out to the mall on Friday night to meet her girlfriends. The girl was brutally murdered by a sixteen year old Ethiopian boy that was on vacation from juveniles' shelter house. These teenagers should not be able to pay less for their crimes just because of their bad economical situation.

In my opinion, punishment should fit the crime not the offender when talking about both motoring offences and other kinds of offences, and there must be batter and more suitable ways for our society to dill with crime and punishment.
