Fines Fit The Crime

Israel has a lot of flaws when it comes to finance: study tuitions are extremely high, average salaries are very low, and there are huge gaps between the incomes of the higher class and the rest of the population. Amendments should be certainly made in all the areas mentioned above, but from their foundations and not by trying to "punish" more the person that has more. The punishment should only focus on the crime and not take into consideration the criminal's background.


There is a large gap between different individuals' incomes in Israel; therefore the idea of having a fine which is proportionate to one's income seems fair only on the surface. This idea might be perceived as fair towards the various layers in the population, for each layer receives proper treatment when it comes to collecting fines. However having one person paying a much smaller amount of money than another when committing the exact same crime is problematic and illogical. An average person in Israel earns around three thousand Israeli New Shekels. If an average person should pay a fine of three hundred NIS on a specific offence, a Person who earns thirty thousand NIS would have to pay three thousand NIS for that exact same offence. This shows that even when referring to only ten percent out of an individual's income the rift between fines can be tremendous.


The issue of the variety of incomes does not only rises when talking about how much to collect from one, but also when asking the question of how much does one really earns. The authorities of Israel are not always able to keep track of everyone's real salary. Some people engage in illegal businesses and earn more than they declare. This system of proportionate fines will make their lives easier, and will only give people another reason not to report on their real incomes. Moreover some people don't have a permanent income at all, surely that doesn't mean they won't have to pay anything after committing a certain crime.


The ones that earn less will be the ones who will benefit from having the punishment fit the offender, since they'll be the ones who get lower fines. This issue was recently brought up by a Tel Aviv University study group that advised the Israeli police not to have a fixed fine for a particular motoring offence. Students in Israel are considered as a population that has financial difficulties, and that is the reason why this suggestion was brought up by them and not by someone from the upper class. Some students earn minimal wage, if they work at all, which means that the fine that they will have to pay for any kind of offence will be minimal as well.


In conclusion, I believe that the issue of persons earning scientifically more than others is the real problem, and not the way a punishment is given. Having the punishment fit the offender completely misses the point of having a certain punishment for a certain crime. Furthermore, it will cause the effect of more and more people preferring to keep their incomes secrete from the authorities, or even rebel against the whole idea. If the punishment fits the offender it will only seem fair, but not really be.
