Should punishment be equal for everyone for the same sort of the crime? Should it differ? And if it should differ, which criteria will define who should get which kind of punishment: the social rank, the income, the criminal history of the person? This issue comes up here and there, in different contexts. For example, some time ago, the Israeli police have been advised by a Tel Aviv University study group to base the amount of fines for motoring offences on the income of the offender.

This suggestion looks rather revolutionary, but in fact it is not. All along the history we can see that there were people who were "more right" and these who were "more wrong". For example, in feudal society, the owner of the lands (feudal) had much more rights than his villagers. He would probably be punished with much less severity than some poor men for the same kind of crime. Today, in our society, we have Knesset members who can't be punished because of their political status, although they can commit the same offences as any other citizen.

I don't think that this kind of inequality reaches its aim and lessens the level of offences in the society. In fact, I think that the only reason why punishment may be lessened or worsened should belong to the circumstances of the offence itself – not to any other factor, such as status of the offender or his financial situation. For example, if the suggestion of Tel Aviv University group about fines for the motoring offences, will be accepted, it may lead to the situation when some people, specially with low income, will commit these offences more easily (one of the reasons for that is that the official income is not always equal to the real income of the person).

Despite of all the written above, I must admit that that the suggestion made by the study group has some very practical advantages. If the fines will be based on the income, there's a certain possibility of assurance that they can be paid at time. This contributes to the both sides – the offender and the country. The offender, on the one hand, is protected, at least to some degree, from the situation where he accumulates fine after fine and at the end finds himself with a huge debt. The country, on the other hand, is contributed by the fact that it gets money from the offenders – may be less money, but it is still better than nothing!

I think that while deciding whether the Tel Aviv University study group's suggestion should be accepted or not, the police management should take into account both of these aspects: the philosophical one – that the punishment should fit the crime, not the offender, and the practical one – that less money is better than no money at all.
