The first crime known to man was when Eve tasted the forbidden fruit. Since then crime has been a part of all societies both ancient and modern. Crime does not seem to change much, yet it's punishment has been changing and evolving throughout the centuries. Crimes have now split to different categories and these have different punishments; some are capital punishment, some are life sentence and some are fines. Fines are usually used when dealing with motoring offences, because they are considered the least severe of all crimes. The punishment should fit the crime and the offender committing the crime, with no exception to motoring offences.

When making a judgment on an offender , the judicial system should consider , to an extent, the offenders background and so fitting the crime , the criminal and the punishment altogether. Punishment is used to reinforce the law and acts as a warning to potential criminals. If the punishment is not severe enough the message and warning is not sent and the punishment loses it's effectiveness. In every court of law the offender has to be heard, and it is his rights as a human that are taken into consideration.

Motoring offences should not base the fine according to the offenders economic status. The law differentiates between criminal offences and motoring offences. As shown by a study that was taken in the Tel – Aviv University, criminal offences are more severe mainly because they are intentionally hurtful and have a direct effect on societies moralities, while motoring offences are usually unintentional and mostly carelessness of a driver. This study recommended the Israeli police to fine motoring offences according to the offenders income and general economic status. For instance, a university student should receive a fine lower then a working computer engineer. This recommendation tries to greater the effect of the fine (as a warning) to the upper class and helps create social and economic fairness.

In conclusion, the disadvantages and dangers of these recommendations are the implications they might hold. Why should an unemployed citizen pay lower fines then a working citizen? What message does the judicial system send when lowering fines? All these can create a negative effect and might increase motoring offences. People might implicate such a recommendation to crime in general , and asked to punished according to there financial state. Motoring offences can not be an exception they are an offence like any other and so the punishment should be according to the law and law alone.
