The court and law system in Israel must be well organized, settled and firm by now. The people should be presented with a legislated collection of laws, which will create a knowledgeable atmosphere concerning crime, and will aim to a safer environment for all. In order for a citizen to be fully aware of his actions, he must be aware of their results. Every crime or offence committed must be accompanied by some kind of sanction, which will be exercised on all people equally.

Motoring offences are mostly taken at a lower seriousness than other kinds of offences, although many times this kind of offence might endanger more than one person' life. In many cases, the sanction given for a motoring offence helps teach the offender an educational lesson, but ironically, in a country in which one of the main death causes is car accidents, in Israel fines in a certain amount of money don’t promote security on the roads at all. On the contrary, more and more people drive incautiously, causing danger for pedestrians, as well as for themselves and for other drivers. That is one of the reasons why basing the amount of fines on how much the offender earns might eventually cause even more harm than good.

Apart from the social awareness and governmental consideration it will promote, the suggestion made by the Tell Aviv University study group is a dangerous trial for dealing with motoring offences. Not only will it "embrace" the average law-class careless drivers, lowering the amount of fines, differentiating between layers in the society, might also result in discrimination. Making a "poor" person pay less than a "rich" one for an offence they both committed is a clear, senseless discrimination, that can lead to racism, stigmatizing and unfair treatment. Everyone who committed a crime or an offend must bare the consequences, no matter who he is and what his motives where. In addition, lowering the amount of fines for different people can also cause for the reverse affect, since people that for some reason will have lower fines to pay may take advantage of the new norm and feel like there isn’t much supervision concerning motoring offences.

Lowering fines for people that can't afford it will have the same affect as electing a new prime minister for the minority that didn’t support the one elected. Although in many cases the minority is the one with the right cards, I find it hard to believe that the suggestion mentioned above would have been right.

Nowadays, court system is built in a way that allows a full examination of crimes or offences, and determining the punishment according to the case. Special cases that need a special treatment are dealt with cautiously, and in many cases, punishment is lowered for different reasons (such as killing out of self-defense). Even though some cases deserve a proper consideration, the general belief is that crime and punishment is a matter in which no distinguishing must occur.

In conclusion, the only way in which order can be held in a democratic country is by treating people fairly and equally. Equalization- isn’t it one of democracy's highest fundamental values? Isn’t it what a democratic country relies on and is based upon?  Being the primary source of law in a country, court system must put aside the "poetical justice" and dedicate itself for doing what is right, and fair, for everyone.
