Motoring offences are becoming a common phenomenon nowadays, whether it is on the news or in the newspapers. People, in general, are becoming less care about their actions; they make offences assuming no one seeing them, such as, passing in a red-light. The amount of fines for motoring offences shouldn’t be based on how much the offender earns. It doesn’t matter whether the offender is rich or poor, once s/he committed an offence, s/he should pay the price.

Motoring offences can be connected in a way to the crime field. According to the law, when someone commits a certain crime, he gets to be punished for it. Therefore, when committing any offence of any kind, no matter what is the size of it, he is punished by getting a fine.

A Tel-Aviv study group have suggested to the Israeli police, to base the amount of fines for motoring offences on how much the offender earns, rather than having a fixed fine for a particular offence. The advantages and disadvantages of this suggestion are uncountable, yet the focus here is on two aspects: on the moral aspect and on the applications of such a suggestion.

This suggestion may help people that have low income, especially when they committed a not deliberately offence, such as parking the vehicle on the sidewalk.

However, it is not considered moral to let an offender pay half of the fine regarding his poor background and letting a rich one to pay it as it is. How is it going to help the "poor citizen" realize the size of the offence he committed, by paying only a small amount of it? First, it could turn out as disasters (suggestion), because it is only going to discriminate the law, not forgetting, encourage the offender to do more and more offences. For instance, driving without any care and attention, it is not only dangerous to the offender himself, but also to others.

In conclusion, when a law is legislated, it becomes common to everybody, meaning that there is no favoritism, and there is no relevance to black and white. In other words, the punishment of any offence should fit the crime and not the offender.
