In both cases the people commit crimes, although in motoring offences the offender doesn’t usually consider the consequences, it can lead to death. There shouldn’t be any "discounts" for careless driving. Each person should receive the same punishment, yet other crimes are more complicated and may consist of strong motives. While motoring offences should fit the crime, crimes in general should be judged according to the motive and the offenders back round.


On the one hand, a person's financial status shouldn’t determine the punishment he receives. One disadvantage of the study group is that people, who get lower fins, will have the legitimacy to drive carelessly. In addition a large portion of those drivers will probably consist of young non worker teenagers that are fresh and inexperienced. This will most likely cause accidents and will put the life of both drivers and pedestrians in danger.


Furthermore, the punishment for motoring offences should be collectivistic. The government shouldn’t make a distinction between the different statuses in her country when it comes to punishment. If the government will decide to fit the punishment to the offender, it will lead to major conflicts among the citizens. Different statuses are already exists, the government shouldn’t put more emphasis on it. As the government don't differ between a man driver and a woman driver, it must not differ among the "rich" drivers and the "less rich." Motoring offences are harsh crimes that should be taken seriously, no one should be treated differently or to receive lighter punishment.


On the other hand, Crimes in general should be treated differently, the punishment should examine the persons back round, and what lead him to the act he committed. People commit crimes for different reasons, and these reasons should be taken into account. For example a woman kills her husband for abusing her and their children for many years, should she get the same punishment as a serial killer?

Although the two cases are severe and extreme, they should be examined from different perspectives, the punishment in this case should fit its offender.


Motoring offences and crimes in general are forbidden, one may find it difficult to act by roles.  People who commit motoring offences shouldn’t be justified or easily punished under any circumstance, the punishment should be equal to each driver however, crimes in general should be judged individually.
