Based on recent studies, that were done at  Tel Aviv university, a study group has recommended the Israeli police, to change the current fining system, with one that would determine the amount of the fine not only by the type of the offence but also according to income level of the offender. If these recommendations are going to be applied, I think we would face, an increase of motoring offences level, by low income groups, in our society, such as pupils, students etc.

The idea that people that earn more, should pay more, can be effective only if it is coordinated with the income tax authorities, as well as, with the be- rou? of Transportation. Since the fines are, tax deductible at the moment, a business man doesn't rely mind paying a fine that he can latter on,  deduct from his taxes.

If he parks on the pavement for example, and gets a 500 shekels ticket, he can be quit calm about it, because he knows, it would come off his taxes that are paid to the government anyway.

On the other hand, a student that parks on the pavement, and gets the same ticket, can suffer a two weeks budget lose, and would probably be facing an enormous difficulty 'to finish the month'.

How ever if we decide to differentiate the fining system according to an income, we will be saying that justice is not one for all, and that, can lead to real Dark Age in our juridical system.

The current system enables the offender that can not pay the amount of money he was ordered by the police, to be trailed in court, and there he can try and explain to the judge his difficulties, and pray, that he'll get, an understanding judge.


It is only little over 0ne hundred years, that the law and justice have been announced as equal for all, and even so, those who can afforded first grade, legal aid, come off serious crimes with minimal punishment. And others who can't sometimes don’t get the minimal defense they deserve by their rights.

Finely I would say that different punishment for different offenders is a bad idea and hope that no one would take it seriously.

We as a nation have our own set of rules that have worked for us for thousands of years and had been copied from us by other nations so why to change?
