Punishment is defined as some pain or penalty, inflicted on a person for the commission of a crime he has done. There are both advantages and disadvantages of the Tel Aviv study group's suggestion both with respect to motoring offences, and in terms of its possible application to other offences. In my opinion, punishment for motoring offences should fit the crime while the offender's criminal background should be taken into consideration for crimes in general.

With reference to motoring offences, there are several disadvantages this suggestion presents. First, this suggestion has a negative implication; this suggestion reinforces the conflict between different classes of people, and encourages discrimination. It is totally unfair to administer punishment for motoring offences according to the offender's background. With regard to motoring offences, everybody should be treated equally. Why should a rich man pay a higher amount of fines than a poor man, when both of them committed the same crime? The fact that someone comes from a high socioeconomic background does not mean he should pay a higher amount of fines.

Moreover, the fact that someone is old and probably has high salaries does not mean he should pay a higher amount of fines than a teenager- particularly when most of the accidents are caused by teenagers who consider driving on the road as a game.  To sum up, with regard to motoring offences, the offender's background should not be taken into consideration since it is irrelevant.

Second, this suggestion will make people who have low incomes to drive improperly and less carefully since those people will take advantage of the fact that they will get low fines anyway. For instance, someone who comes from a low socioeconomic background will not care too much and feel threatened by the possible consequences of his offence; therefore, he will drive less carefully.

However, with reference to crimes in general, there is one advantage this suggestion presents. This suggestion enables having the option of examining and judging each crime individually according to the offender's criminal background. In some cases, it is necessary to take the offender's criminal background into consideration; it makes sense to consider the offender's motives with regard to general crimes. For instance, a woman that killed her husband for abusing her for years should be imprisoned less time than a woman who did not have a justification for her actions.

In conclusion, it is extremely difficult to have an explicit opinion with regard to punishment. It is important to judge and examine all kinds of general crimes (except for motoring offences) individually – depends on the offender's criminal background. While for motoring offences we should have a fixed fine, for crimes in general we should treat each crime individually. We should keep in mind that there are some cases in which the offender's criminal background should be taken into consideration rather than acting like "robots" and administer the same punishment for everyone.
