The main aim of punishments and fines is to discourage prevent further crimes.

The advice that was given to the Israeli police by a Tel-University study group was to base the amount of fines for motoring offences on how much the offender earns.

I don’t really agree with this suggestion. It might have bad effects on drivers. It may encourage the poor to commit more motoring offences.

Usually when a person does a mistake he pays the price. The price he pays does not always include money; sometime it includes a person's life or personal problems that will affect a person's future planes or future life.

Giving fines for motoring offences should be equal to everybody. No matter if the driver is a rich or a poor person. In addition, it is also a sauciness to judge a person regarding his or her salary. And also, how do you distinguish between high and low salary?


Nowadays, crimes are a big issue that we are hearing about almost everyday. The topics on the newspapers are about murders, rappers, physical and oral violence.

Therefore, the police has a big dilemma whether to deal with each case individually or to generalize the tips of the crimes and to punishment them equally.

Personally, I think that several crimes should be dealt individually but still with some bases roles that are given to everyone. For example, if someone killed a man because he rapped his daughter, he should be punished that's for sure because no one is allowed to take somebody's life. However, the government needs to understand that this person couldn’t accept the fact that this criminal is free and the government didn’t do anything about this issue that is very hurting and bothering for the family.


To sum up, I would recommend the study group from the Tel-Aviv University to suggest a better suggestion, for this suggestion may affect the drivers badly and it might cost in people's life. Moreover, drivers should be more aware of the responsibility they are taking while they are driving.

I would like to recommend the study group to advise another suggestion that is more important at this period of time regarding the fact that every weekend teenagers die  on the road, which is "At what age should teenagers take their licenses?"
