A study group from the Tel Aviv University has advised the police to base the amount of fines for motoring offences on how much the offender earns, rather than having a fixed fine for particular offences. This suggestion raises the moral issue of whether the punishment should fit the crime or the offender. Another thing that should be taken into consideration is regarding crimes more generally, and whether for other crimes, the punishment should be base on the offender or base on the impact the crime had. Here, I will also explain the advantages and disadvantages of applying the suggestion the student group made to the police.


It is know that the number of traffic violation in Israel is big. The driver that has committed a felony is to pay a fine to the police for the infraction he made to the law. In the suggestion that was made, the fines should be base on how much the drivers earn. In my opinion, this solution is not the right one. I think that if the suggestion is applied, the less wealthy drivers will allow themselves to breach the laws and to be less careful while of driving, under the pretext that they will pay lower fines. I believe that all the drivers should be treated as equal therefore pay the same fines for the same traffic violations. I believe that the law should stays as it is today because the drivers are considered equal and pay equal fines for the same transgression of the law, and because we all learn the same way the road code, we should be judged the same way regardless of how much we earn.


Regarding the moral issue of whether the punishment should fit the crime or the offender, I think it is a controversial issue. In my point of view, motoring violations should fit the crime, as I said before. Nevertheless, if the offence made engenders a fatal loss, the punishment should fit the offender. This is, because in those case of murders, drug dealing or rape, the crime was executed because of a define background. For example, if we have two cases of murders; the first is a child that shot her father because he molested her for years, and the second is a child that is a delinquent and shot someone for no appearing reasons. I think that the first child should get a lesser sentence or punishment than the second one because of the background of the accused. The controversy over the moral issue is justified because of the diversity of the crimes committed and the need to investigate each case on its own before deciding to give the punishment on the crime that has been made, or on the offender who committed it.


As proved above, there are many disadvantages to the suggestion the TAU study group proposed. Nonetheless, I also found advantages to this proposition. One of them is regarding motoring fines. People who don't earn a lot and get high fines, often find it difficult if not impossible to pay those fines. The dept then accumulate, and at the end they are summoned to court and end up either in prison or in enormous depts. The suggestion made here by the TAU group could bring to an end those problems, and finally come toward the less fortunate citizens. Furthermore, there are advantages regarding crimes in general. There are some famous cases where minor sentences were applied because of the fact that the accused had a lot of money and was able to have great layers and a number of them together, and this is the only reason he got acquitted. They had better lawyers, therefore a better chance to reduce the sentence against the opposite less wealthy plaintive. Here also, we can see that if the TAU proposition was applied, we wouldn't have this kind of problems because the sentence would be equivalent to the wealth and would not depend only on whether his lawyer is good or not.


In conclusion, the suggestion the TAU study group made to the police could be helpful in some ways. However, the moral issue that would be raised by it would be enormous because of the controversy on the subject. All in all, this suggestion has advantages and disadvantages but as I showed, the disadvantages overcome the advantages, and this proposition would need to be carefully analyzed before the police apply it in real life conditions. I think that such propositions will never see the light because they are too complicated to apply, and too controversial.
