The Israeli police have been advised by a Tel Aviv University study group to base the amount of fines for motoring offences on how much the offender earns, rather than having a fixed fine for particular offence. This raises the moral issue of whether the punishment should fit the crime or the offender. There are advantages and disadvantages to this suggestion regarding fines given for motoring offences.


In my opinion, to base the amount of fines for motoring offences on how much the offender earns, is not right. First, I don’t see why a person who earns more should pay more than another less wealthy person. For example, speed limits violations. Two drivers trespass the speed limit on the same road, at the same time. Why should the wealthy one pay more? They both did the same felony so they both should pay the same. Furthermore, if this suggestion is taken into consideration by the police, people who earn less will allow themselves to commit more offences.


I think that the moral issue regarding punishment should fit the crime in motoring offences. However, the punishment should fit the offender in all other crimes. In motoring offences, the punishment should fit the crime because the law is universal, and accepted by all. Everyone is taught how to drive and what to do, so everyone has to obey the law and be punished the same way. On the other hand, in other crimes such as murders, the sentence should fit the offender. Each case needs to be analyzed individually for the background of the crime, the environment where the crime took place, the reasons and the state of mind of the offender. Foe example, a woman who killed her husband after he beat her for 20 years shouldn’t get the same punishment of a woman how killed her husband just because she felt like it. Another example is a girl who killed her father because he molested her for years.


There are advantages and disadvantages in the suggestion that the work group gave. If the punishment is based on how much the offender earns, it could benefit the people who earn less and have problems in paying fines. Still, the big disadvantage could be that it would cause an increase of motoring transgression. Moreover, it will cause argument among the people regarding who will determine how much each one should pay.


In conclusion, in my opinion, the suggestion that was made by the Tel Aviv University study group is not right, because punishment should fit the crime and be equal for everyone in motoring offences but it should fit the offender in other crimes.

Moral issue should be taken into consideration when a men's life involve, and mostly in crimes that are other than motoring crimes. Furthermore, I think that there are more disadvantages than advantages in this reform, so I would suggest for it not to be applied.
