My friend had being in contact with me for many years. We learned at the same class made homework together traveled together we had been very good friends. After the army we decided to travel to USA we worked about half a year and made a lot of money. First July we flew to USA. We made fur, worked we had a lot of possibilities entertainments parties, dinners girls. One year had past and we didn't feel that had over so much time. I felt tired from the life in New York and flew back not before I said good bye to my friend who stayed there. Here in Israel I married now I have three children. I work as a lawyer. One day I drove to Tel Aviv for my business. I was hungry so I entered a restaurant who seemed to me nice and comfortable. I invited a meal and notice the people who sat near the tables I saw a man who looked to me well known I understand it was my friend who had changed I called him we hug and then shake hands he started telling me a frightening experience that he had over in New York. After you flew back to Israel I started working as a taxi driver on night I sat in my taxi waiting for customers. It was a cold night the hour was late I decided to go home but at midnight exactly I young women knocked on my window she was beautiful she had a blond hair blue eyes. She wore white dress and said with a whispering voice please take me to the grave yard. I didn't know what to say but I took her we arrive she opened the cars' door and disappeared between the graves she didn't say a word I didn't know why she asked to go there what she is looking for. I waited 10 minutes and she appeared again new she bled she was wounded I didn't understand why and from who she got all this but I was silence. After what happened I drove back to the place I pick her all the time we were driving she didn't say a word he eyes shown he bled continue bleeding she looked scared. When we arrived she got down from my car and started to ran she disappeared in the darkness. I turned to my house all the way thought why she did it. What did she looked for there. Why did she return bleeding. At the next night I waited exactly where I waited the day before waiting for customers. At midnight someone knocked on the car's window I couldn't see who is knocking I opened the door she stood there again wearing a white dress with her blond hair and asked my to drive her to grave yard. I was shocked I couldn't say a word she harried me she suggest me two hundred dollars and I couldn't refuse. But the money wasn't the thing that I wanted I wanted to know about her. I didn't know even her make she looked to me someone who came from different planet. While the driving I notice at her she ignore from my looking she seemed looking at a imagine aim we arrived. Fast she got down from the car ran and disappeared between the grave.  I waited about ten to fifteen minutes and I saw her coming. Again with a scared looking bleeding scratch on her face and we turn back. The frightening experience repeat on herself for 5 times I decided to asked her what she looking for their between the grave and from who she gets all this scratch. At the six time when she returns in the same condition she was in the previous time I asked what you are looking for between the graves. From who you got all this scratch. She looked at me with frightening looking her eyes shown she screamed.
